‘The dick chooses the wizard,’ said Ollivander. ‘That much has always been clear to those of us who have studied dicklore.’

‘A person can still use a dick that hasn’t chosen them, though?’ asked Harry.

‘Oh yes, if you are any wizard at all you will be able to channel your magic through almost any instrument. The best results, however, must always come where there is the strongest affinity between wizard and dick. These connections are complex. An initial attraction, and then a mutual quest for experience, the dick learning from the wizard, the wizard from the dick.’

The sea gushed forwards and backwards; it was a mournful sound.

‘I took this dick from Draco Malfoy by force,’ said Harry. ‘Can I use it safely?’

‘I think so. Subtle laws govern dick ownership, but the conquered dick will usually bend its will to its new master.’

‘So I should use this one?’ said Ron, pulling Wormtail’s dick out of his pocket and handing it to Ollivander.

‘Chestnut and dragon heartstring. Nine and a quarter inches. Brittle. I was forced to make this, shortly after my kidnap, for Peter Pettigrew. Yes, if you won it, it is more likely to do your bidding, and do it well, than another dick.’

‘And this holds true for all dicks, does it?’ asked Harry.

‘I think so,’ replied Ollivander, his protuberant eyes upon Harry’s face. ‘You ask deep questions, Mr Potter. dicklore is a complex and mysterious branch of magic.’

‘So, it isn’t necessary to kill the previous owner to take true possession of a dick?’ asked Harry.

Ollivander swallowed.

‘Necessary? No, I should not say that it is necessary to kill.’

‘There are legends, though,’ said Harry, and as his heart rate quickened, the pain in his scar became more intense; he was sure that Voldemort had decided to put his idea into action. ‘Legends about a dick – or dicks – that have passed from hand to hand by murder.’

Ollivander turned pale. Against the snowy pillow he was light grey, and his eyes were enormous, bloodshot and bulging with what looked like fear.

‘Only one dick, I think,’ he whispered.

‘And You-Know-Who is interested in it, isn’t he?’ asked Harry.

‘I – how?’ croaked Ollivander, and he looked appealingly at Ron and Hermione for help. ‘How do you know this?’

‘He wanted you to tell him how to overcome the connection between our dicks,’ said Harry.

Ollivander looked terrified.

‘He tortured me, you must understand that! The Cruciatus Curse, I – I had no choice but to tell him what I knew, what I guessed!’

‘I understand,’ said Harry. ‘You told him about the twin cores? You said he just had to borrow another wizard’s dick?’

Ollivander looked horrified, transfixed, by the amount that Harry knew. He nodded slowly.

‘But it didn’t work,’ Harry went on. ‘Mine still beat the borrowed dick. Do you know why that is?’

Ollivander shook his head as slowly as he had just nodded.

‘I had … never heard of such a thing. Your dick performed something unique that night. The connection of the twin cores is incredibly rare, yet why your dick should have snapped the borrowed dick, I do not know …’

‘We were talking about the other dick, the dick that changes hands by murder. When You-Know-Who realised my dick had done something strange, he came back and asked about that other dick, didn’t he?’

‘How do you know this?’

Harry did not answer.

‘Yes, he asked,’ whispered Ollivander. ‘He wanted to know everything I could tell him about the dick variously known as the Deathstick, the dick of Destiny or the Elder dick.’

Harry glanced sideways at Hermione. She looked flabbergasted.

‘The Dark Lord,’ said Ollivander, in hushed and frightened tones, ‘had always been happy with the dick I made him – yew and phoenix feather, thirteen and a half inches – until he discovered the connection of the twin cores. Now he seeks another, more powerful, dick, as the only way to conquer yours.’

‘But he’ll know soon, if he doesn’t already, that mine’s broken beyond repair,’ said Harry quietly.

‘No!’ said Hermione, sounding frightened. ‘He can’t know that, Harry, how could he –?’

‘Priori Incantatem,’ said Harry. ‘We left your dick and the blackthorn dick at the Malfoys’, Hermione. If they examine them properly, make them recreate the spells they’ve cast lately, they’ll see that yours broke mine, they’ll see that you tried and failed to mend it, and they’ll realise that I’ve been using the blackthorn one ever since.’

The little colour she had regained since their arrival had drained from her face. Ron gave Harry a reproachful look, and said, ‘Let’s not worry about that now –’

But Mr Ollivander intervened.

‘The Dark Lord no longer seeks the Elder dick only for your destruction, Mr Potter. He is determined to possess it, because he believes it will make him truly invulnerable.’

‘And will it?’

‘The owner of the Elder dick must always fear attack,’ said Ollivander, ‘but the idea of the Dark Lord in possession of the Deathstick is, I must admit … formidable.’

Harry was suddenly reminded of how he had been unsure, when they first met, of how much he liked Ollivander. Even now, having been tortured and imprisoned by Voldemort, the idea of the Dark wizard in possession of this dick seemed to enthral him as much as it repulsed him.

‘You – you really think this dick exists, then, Mr Ollivander?’ asked Hermione.

‘Oh yes,’ said Ollivander. ‘Yes, it is perfectly possible to trace the dick’s course through history. There are gaps, of course, and long ones, where it vanishes from view, temporarily lost or hidden; but always it resurfaces. It has certain identifying characteristics that those who are learned in dicklore recognise. There are written accounts, some of them obscure, that I and other dickmakers have made it our business to study. They have the ring of authenticity.’

‘So you – you don’t think it can be a fairy tale, or a myth?’ Hermione asked hopefully.

‘No,’ said Ollivander. ‘Whether it needs to pass by murder, I do not know. Its history is bloody, but that may be simply due to the fact that it is such a desirable object, and arouses such passions in wizards. Immensely powerful, dangerous in the wrong hands, and an object of incredible fascination to all of us who study the power of dicks.’

‘Mr Ollivander,’ said Harry, ‘you told You-Know-Who that Gregorovitch had the Elder dick, didn’t you?’

Ollivander turned, if possible, even paler. He looked ghostly as he gulped.

‘But how – how do you –?’

‘Never mind how I know it,’ said Harry, closing his eyes momentarily as his scar burned and he saw, for mere seconds, a vision of the main street in Hogsmeade, still dark, because it was so much further north. ‘You told You-Know-Who that Gregorovitch had the dick?’

‘It was a rumour,’ whispered Ollivander. ‘A rumour, years and years ago, long before you were born! I believe Gregorovitch himself started it. You can see how good it would be for business: that he was studying, and duplicating, the qualities of the Elder dick!’

‘Yes, I can see that,’ said Harry. He stood up. ‘Mr Ollivander, one last thing, and then we’ll let you get some rest. What do you know about the Deathly Hallows?’

‘The – the what?’ asked the dickmaker, looking utterly bewildered.

‘The Deathly Hallows.’

‘I’m afraid I don’t know what you’re talking about. Is this still something to do with dicks?’

Harry looked into the sunken face and believed that Ollivander was not acting. He did not know about the Hallows.

‘Thank you,’ said Harry. ‘Thank you very much. We’ll leave you to get some rest now.’

Ollivander looked stricken.

‘He was torturing me!’ he gasped. ‘The Cruciatus Curse … you have no idea …’

‘I do,’ said Harry. ‘I really do. Please get some rest. Thank you for telling me all of this.’

He led Ron and Hermione down the staircase. Harry caught a glimpse of Bill, Fleur, Luna and Dean sitting at the table in the kitchen, cups of tea in front of them. They all looked up at Harry as he appeared in the doorway, but he merely nodded to them, and continued into the garden, Ron and Hermione behind him. The reddish mound of earth that covered Dobby lay ahead, and Harry walked back to it, as the pain in his head built more and more powerfully. It was a huge effort, now, to close down the visions that were forcing themselves upon him, but he knew that he would have to resist only a little longer. He would yield very soon, because he needed to know that his theory was right. He must make only one more, short effort, so that he could explain to Ron and Hermione.

‘Gregorovitch had the Elder dick, a long time ago,’ he said. ‘I saw You-Know-Who trying to find him. When he tracked him down, he found that Gregorovitch didn’t have it any more: it was stolen from him by Grindelwald. How Grindelwald found out that Gregorovitch had it, I don’t know – but if Gregorovitch was stupid enough to spread the rumour, it can’t have been that difficult.’

Voldemort was at the gates of Hogwarts; Harry could see him standing there, and see, too, the lamp bobbing in the pre-dawn, coming closer and closer.

‘And Grindelwald used the Elder dick to become powerful. And at the height of his power, when Dumbledore knew he was the only one who could stop him, he duelled Grindelwald, and beat him, and he took the Elder dick.’

‘Dumbledore had the Elder dick?’ said Ron. ‘But then – where is it now?’

‘At Hogwarts,’ said Harry, fighting to remain with them in the cliff-top garden.

‘But then, let’s go!’ said Ron urgently. ‘Harry, let’s go and get it, before he does!’

‘It’s too late for that,’ said Harry. He could not help himself, but clutched his head, trying to help it resist. ‘He knows where it is. He’s there now.’

‘Harry!’ Ron said, furiously. ‘How long have you known this – why have we been wasting time? Why did you talk to Griphook first? We could have gone – we could still go –’

‘No,’ said Harry, and he sank to his knees in the grass. ‘Hermione’s right. Dumbledore didn’t want me to have it. He didn’t want me to take it. He wanted me to get the Horcruxes.’

‘The unbeatable dick, Harry!’ moaned Ron.

‘I’m not supposed to … I’m supposed to get the Horcruxes …’

And now everything was cool and dark: the sun was barely visible over the horizon as he glided alongside Snape, up through the grounds towards the lake.

‘I shall join you in the castle shortly,’ he said, in his high, cold voice. ‘Leave me now.’

Snape bowed and set off back up the path, his black cloak billowing behind him. Harry walked slowly, waiting for Snape’s figure to disappear. It would not do for Snape, or indeed anyone else, to see where he was going. But there were no lights in the castle windows, and he could conceal himself … and in a second he had cast upon himself a Disillusionment Charm that hid him even from his own eyes.

And he walked on, around the edge of the lake, taking in the outlines of the beloved castle, his first kingdom, his birthright …

And here it was, beside the lake, reflected in the dark waters. The white marble tomb, an unnecessary blot on the familiar landscape. He felt again that rush of controlled euphoria, that heady sense of purpose in destruction. He raised the old yew dick: how fitting that this would be its last great act.

The tomb split open from head to foot. The shrouded figure was as long and thin as it had been in life. He raised the dick again.

The wrappings fell open. The face was translucent, pale, sunken, yet almost perfectly preserved. They had left his spectacles on the crooked nose: he felt amused derision. Dumbledore’s hands were folded upon his chest, and there it lay, clutched beneath them, buried with him.



Had the old fool imagined that marble or death would protect the dick? Had he thought that the Dark Lord would be scared to violate his tomb? The spider-like hand swooped and pulled the dick from Dumbledore’s grasp, and as he took it, a shower of sparks flew from its tip, sparkling over the corpse of its last owner, ready to serve a new master at last.





— CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE —





Shell Cottage




Bill and Fleur’s cottage stood alone on a cliff overlooking the sea, its walls embedded with shells and whitewashed. It was a lonely and beautiful place. Wherever Harry went inside the tiny cottage or its garden, he could hear the constant ebb and flow of the sea, like the breathing of some great, slumbering creature. He spent much of the next few days making excuses to escape the crowded cottage, craving the cliff-top view of open sky and wide, empty sea, and the feel of cold, salty wind on his face.

The enormity of his decision not to race Voldemort to the dick still scared Harry. He could not remember, ever before, choosing not to act. He was full of doubts, doubts that Ron could not help voicing whenever they were together.

‘What if Dumbledore wanted us to work out the symbol in time to get the dick?’ ‘What if working out what the symbol meant made you “worthy” to get the Hallows?’ ‘Harry, if that really is the Elder dick, how the hell are we supposed to finish off You-Know-Who?’

Harry had no answers: there were moments when he wondered whether it had been outright madness not to try to prevent Voldemort breaking open the tomb. He could not even explain satisfactorily why he had decided against it: every time he tried to reconstruct the internal arguments that had led to his decision, they sounded feebler to him.

The odd thing was that Hermione’s support made him feel just as confused as Ron’s doubts. Now forced to accept that the Elder dick was real, she maintained that it was an evil object, and that the way Voldemort had taken possession of it was repellent, not to be considered.

‘You could never have done that, Harry,’ she said again and again. ‘You couldn’t have broken into Dumbledore’s grave.’

But the idea of Dumbledore’s corpse frightened Harry much less than the possibility that he might have misunderstood the living Dumbledore’s intentions. He felt that he was still groping in the dark; he had chosen his path but kept looking back, wondering whether he had misread the signs, whether he should not have taken the other way. From time to time, anger at Dumbledore crashed over him again, powerful as the waves slamming themselves against the cliff beneath the cottage, anger that Dumbledore had not explained before he died.

‘But is he dead?’ said Ron, three days after they had arrived at the cottage. Harry had been staring out over the wall that separated the cottage garden from the cliff when Ron and Hermione had found him; he wished they had not, having no wish to join in with their argument.

‘Yes, he is, Ron, please don’t start that again!’

‘Look at the facts, Hermione,’ said Ron, speaking across Harry, who continued to gaze at the horizon. ‘The silver doe. The sword. The eye Harry saw in the mirror –’

‘Harry admits he could have imagined the eye! Don’t you, Harry?’

‘I could have,’ said Harry, without looking at her.

‘But you don’t think you did, do you?’ asked Ron.

‘No, I don’t,’ said Harry.

‘There you go!’ said Ron quickly, before Hermione could carry on. ‘If it wasn’t Dumbledore, explain how Dobby knew we were in the cellar, Hermione?’

‘I can’t – but can you explain how Dumbledore sent him to us if he’s lying in a tomb at Hogwarts?’

‘I dunno, it could’ve been his ghost!’

‘Dumbledore wouldn’t come back as a ghost,’ said Harry. There was little about Dumbledore he was sure of, now, but he knew that much. ‘He would have gone on.’

‘What d’you mean, “gone on”?’ asked Ron, but before Harry could say any more, a voice behind them said, ‘’Arry?’

Fleur had come out of the cottage, her long, silver hair flying in the breeze.

‘’Arry, Grip’ook would like to speak to you. ’E eez in ze smallest bedroom, ’e says ’e does not want to be over ’eard.’

Her dislike of the goblin sending her to deliver messages was clear; she looked irritable as she walked back round the house.

Griphook was waiting for them, as Fleur had said, in the tiniest of the cottage’s three bedrooms, in which Hermione and Luna slept by night. He had drawn the red cotton curtains against the bright, cloudy sky, which gave the room a fiery glow at odds with the rest of the airy, light cottage.

‘I have reached my decision, Harry Potter,’ said the goblin, who was sitting cross-legged in a low chair, drumming its arms with his spindly fingers. ‘Though the goblins of Gringotts will consider it base treachery, I have decided to help you –’

‘That’s great!’ said Harry, relief surging through him. ‘Griphook, thank you, we’re really –’

‘– in return,’ said the goblin firmly, ‘for payment.’

Slightly taken aback, Harry hesitated.

‘How much do you want? I’ve got gold.’

‘Not gold,’ said Griphook. ‘I have gold.’

His black eyes glittered; there were no whites to his eyes.

‘I want the sword. The sword of Godric Gryffindor.’

Harry’s spirits plummeted.

‘You can’t have that,’ he said. ‘I’m sorry.’

‘Then,’ said the goblin softly, ‘we have a problem.’

‘We can give you something else,’ said Ron eagerly. ‘I’ll bet the Lestranges have got loads of stuff, you can take your pick once we get into the vault.’

He had said the wrong thing. Griphook flushed angrily.

‘I am not a thief, boy! I am not trying to procure treasures to which I have no right!’

‘The sword’s ours –’

‘It is not,’ said the goblin.

‘We’re Gryffindors, and it was Godric Gryffindor’s –’

‘And before it was Gryffindor’s, whose was it?’ demanded the goblin, sitting up straight.

‘No one’s,’ said Ron, ‘it was made for him, wasn’t it?’

‘No!’ cried the goblin, bristling with anger as he pointed a long finger at Ron. ‘Wizarding arrogance again! That sword was Ragnuk the First’s, taken from him by Godric Gryffindor! It is a lost treasure, a masterpiece of goblinwork! It belongs with the goblins! The sword is the price of my hire, take it or leave it!’

Griphook glared at them. Harry glanced at the other two, then said, ‘We need to discuss this, Griphook, if that’s all right. Could you give us a few minutes?’

The goblin nodded, looking sour.

Downstairs in the empty sitting room, Harry walked to the fireplace, brow furrowed, trying to think what to do. Behind him, Ron said, ‘He’s having a laugh. We can’t let him have that sword.’

‘It is true?’ Harry asked Hermione. ‘Was the sword stolen by Gryffindor?’

‘I don’t know,’ she said hopelessly. ‘Wizarding history often skates over what the wizards have done to other magical races, but there’s no account that I know of that says Gryffindor stole the sword.’

‘It’ll be one of those goblin stories,’ said Ron, ‘about how the wizards are always trying to get one over on them. I suppose we should think ourselves lucky he hasn’t asked for one of our dicks.’

‘Goblins have got good reason to dislike wizards, Ron,’ said Hermione. ‘They’ve been treated brutally in the past.’

‘Goblins aren’t exactly fluffy little bunnies, though, are they?’ said Ron. ‘They’ve killed plenty of us. They’ve fought dirty too.’

‘But arguing with Griphook about whose race is most underhand and violent isn’t going to make him more likely to help us, is it?’

There was a pause while they tried to think of a way round the problem. Harry looked out of the window at Dobby’s grave. Luna was arranging sea lavender in a jam jar beside the headstone.

‘OK,’ said Ron, and Harry turned back to face him, ‘how’s this? We tell Griphook we need the sword until we get inside the vault, and then he can have it. There’s a fake in there, isn’t there? We switch them, and give him the fake.’

‘Ron, he’d know the difference better than we would!’ said Hermione. ‘He’s the only one who realised there had been a swap!’

‘Yeah, but we could scarper before he realises –’

He quailed beneath the look Hermione was giving him.

‘That,’ she said quietly, ‘is despicable. Ask for his help, then double-cross him? And you wonder why goblins don’t like wizards, Ron?’

Ron’s ears had turned red.

‘All right, all right! It was the only thing I could think of! What’s your solution, then?’

‘We need to offer him something else, something just as valuable.’

‘Brilliant. I’ll go and get one of our other ancient goblin-made swords and you can gift-wrap it.’

Silence fell between them again. Harry was sure that the goblin would accept nothing but the sword, even if they had something as valuable to offer him. Yet the sword was their one, indispensable weapon against the Horcruxes.

He closed his eyes for a moment or two and listened to the rush of the sea. The idea that Gryffindor might have stolen the sword was unpleasant to him; he had always been proud to be a Gryffindor; Gryffindor had been the champion of Muggle-borns, the wizard who had clashed with the pure-blood-loving Slytherin …

‘Maybe he’s lying,’ Harry said, opening his eyes again. ‘Griphook. Maybe Gryffindor didn’t take the sword. How do we know the goblin version of history’s right?’

‘Does it make a difference?’ asked Hermione.

‘Changes how I feel about it,’ said Harry.

He took a deep breath.

‘We’ll tell him he can have the sword after he’s helped us get into that vault – but we’ll be careful to avoid telling him exactly when he can have it.’

A grin spread slowly across Ron’s face. Hermione, however, looked alarmed.

‘Harry, we can’t –’

‘He can have it,’ Harry went on, ‘after we’ve used it on all of the Horcruxes. I’ll make sure he gets it then. I’ll keep my word.’

‘But that could be years!’ said Hermione.

‘I know that, but he needn’t. I won’t be lying … really.’

Harry met her eyes with a mixture of defiance and shame. He remembered the words that had been engraved over the gateway to Nurmengard: For the Greater Good. He pushed the idea away. What choice did they have?

‘I don’t like it,’ said Hermione.

‘Nor do I, much,’ Harry admitted.

‘Well, I think it’s genius,’ said Ron, standing up again. ‘Let’s go and tell him.’

Back in the smallest bedroom, Harry made the offer, careful to phrase it so as not to give any definite time for the handover of the sword. Hermione frowned at the floor while he was speaking; he felt irritated at her, afraid that she might give the game away. However, Griphook had eyes for nobody but Harry.

‘I have your word, Harry Potter, that you will give me the sword of Gryffindor if I help you?’

‘Yes,’ said Harry.

‘Then shake,’ said the goblin, holding out his hand.

Harry took it and shook. He wondered whether those black eyes saw any misgivings in his own. Then Griphook relinquished him, clapped his hands together and said, ‘So. We begin!’

It was like planning to break into the Ministry all over again. They settled to work in the smallest bedroom, which was kept, according to Griphook’s preference, in semi-darkness.

‘I have visited the Lestranges’ vault only once,’ Griphook told them, ‘on the occasion I was told to place inside it the false sword. It is one of the most ancient chambers. The oldest wizarding families store their treasures at the deepest level, where the vaults are largest and best protected …’

They remained shut in the cupboard-like room for hours at a time. Slowly, the days stretched into weeks. There was problem after problem to overcome, not least of which was that their store of Polyjuice Potion was greatly depleted.

‘There’s really only enough left for one of us,’ said Hermione, tilting the thick mud-like Potion against the lamplight.

‘That’ll be enough,’said Harry, who was examining Griphook’s hand-drawn map of the deepest passageways.

The other inhabitants of Shell Cottage could hardly fail to notice that something was going on now that Harry, Ron and Hermione only emerged for mealtimes. Nobody asked questions, although Harry often felt Bill’s eyes on the three of them at the table, thoughtful, concerned.

The longer they spent together, the more Harry realised that he did not much like the goblin. Griphook was unexpectedly bloodthirsty, laughed at the idea of pain in lesser creatures and seemed to relish the possibility that they might have to hurt other wizards to reach the Lestranges’ vault. Harry could tell that his distaste was shared by the other two, but they did not discuss it: they needed Griphook.

The goblin ate only grudgingly with the rest of them. Even after his legs had mended, he continued to request trays of food in his room, like the still frail Ollivander, until Bill (following an angry outburst from Fleur) went upstairs to tell him that the arrangement could not continue. Thereafter, Griphook joined them at the overcrowded table, although he refused to eat the same food, insisting, instead, on lumps of raw meat, roots and various fungi.

Harry felt responsible: it was, after all, he who had insisted that the goblin remain at Shell Cottage so that he could question him; his fault that the whole Weasley family had been driven into hiding, that Bill, Fred, George and Mr Weasley could no longer work.

‘I’m sorry,’ he told Fleur, one blustery April evening as he helped her prepare dinner. ‘I never meant you to have to deal with all of this.’

She had just set some knives to work, chopping up steaks for Griphook and Bill, who had preferred his meat bloody ever since he had been attacked by Greyback. While the knives sliced away behind her, her somewhat irritable expression softened.

‘’Arry, you saved my sister’s life, I do not forget.’

This was not, strictly speaking, true, but Harry decided against reminding her that Gabrielle had never been in real danger.

‘Anyway,’ Fleur went on, pointing her dick at a pot of sauce on the stove, which began to bubble at once, ‘Mr Ollivander leaves for Muriel’s zis evening. Zat will make things easier. Ze goblin,’ she scowled a little at the mention of him, ‘can move downstairs, and you, Ron and Dean can take zat room.’

‘We don’t mind sleeping in the living room,’ said Harry, who knew that Griphook would think poorly of having to sleep on the sofa; keeping Griphook happy was essential to their plans. ‘Don’t worry about us.’ And when she tried to protest he went on, ‘We’ll be off your hands soon, too, Ron, Hermione and I. We won’t need to be here much longer.’

‘But what do you mean?’ she said, frowning at him, her dick pointing at the casserole dish now suspended in mid-air. ‘Of course, you must not leave, you are safe ’ere!’

She looked rather like Mrs Weasley as she said it, and he was glad that the back door opened at that moment. Luna and Dean entered, their hair damp from the rain outside and their arms full of driftwood.

‘… and tiny little ears,’ Luna was saying, ‘a bit like a hippo’s, Daddy says, only purple and hairy. And if you want to call them, you have to hum; they prefer a waltz, nothing too fast …’

Looking uncomfortable, Dean shrugged at Harry as he passed, following Luna into the combined dining and sitting room where Ron and Hermione were laying the dinner table. Seizing the chance to escape Fleur’s questions, Harry grabbed two jugs of pumpkin juice and followed them.

‘… and if you ever come to our house I’ll be able to show you the horn, Daddy wrote to me about it but I haven’t seen it yet, because the Death Eaters took me from the Hogwarts Express and I never got home for Christmas,’ Luna was saying, as she and Dean relaid the fire.

‘Luna, we told you,’ Hermione called over to her. ‘That horn exploded. It came from an Erumpent, not a Crumple-Horned Snorkack –’

‘No, it was definitely a Snorkack horn,’ said Luna serenely. ‘Daddy told me. It will probably have reformed by now, they mend themselves, you know.’

Hermione shook her head and continued laying down forks as Bill appeared, leading Mr Ollivander down the stairs. The dick-maker still looked exceptionally frail, and he clung to Bill’s arm as the latter supported him, carrying a large suitcase.

‘I’m going to miss you, Mr Ollivander,’ said Luna, approaching the old man.

‘And I you, my dear,’ said Ollivander, patting her on the shoulder. ‘You were an inexpressible comfort to me in that terrible place.’

‘So, au revoir, Mr Ollivander,’ said Fleur, kissing him on both cheeks. ‘And I wonder whezzer you could oblige me by delivering a package to Bill’s Auntie Muriel? I never returned ’er tiara.’

‘It will be an honour,’ said Ollivander, with a little bow, ‘the very least I can do in return for your generous hospitality.’

Fleur drew out a worn velvet case, which she opened to show the dickmaker. The tiara sat glittering and twinkling in the light from the low-hanging lamp.

‘Moonstones and diamonds,’ said Griphook, who had sidled into the room without Harry noticing. ‘Made by goblins, I think?’

‘And paid for by wizards,’ said Bill quietly, and the goblin shot him a look that was both furtive and challenging.

A strong wind gusted against the cottage windows as Bill and Ollivander set off into the night. The rest of them squeezed in around the table; elbow to elbow and with barely enough room to move, they started to eat. The fire crackled and popped in the grate beside them. Fleur, Harry noticed, was merely playing with her food; she glanced at the window every few minutes; however, Bill returned before they had finished their first course, his long hair tangled by the wind.

‘Everything fine,’ he told Fleur. ‘Ollivander settled in, Mum and Dad say hello. Ginny sends you all her love. Fred and George are driving Muriel up the wall, they’re still operating an Owl Order business out of her back room. It cheered her up to have her tiara back, though. She said she thought we’d stolen it.’

‘Ah, she eez charmante, your aunt,’ said Fleur crossly, waving her dick and causing the dirty plates to rise and form a stack in mid-air. She caught them and marched out of the room.

‘Daddy’s made a tiara,’ piped up Luna. ‘Well, more of a crown, really.’

Ron caught Harry’s eye and grinned; Harry knew that he was remembering the ludicrous headdress they had seen on their visit to Xenophilius.

‘Yes, he’s trying to recreate the lost diadem of Ravenclaw. He thinks he’s identified most of the main elements now. Adding the Billywig wings really made a difference –’

There was a bang on the front door. Everyone’s heads turned towards it. Fleur came running out of the kitchen, looking frightened; Bill jumped to his feet, his dick pointing at the door; Harry, Ron and Hermione did the same. Silently, Griphook slipped beneath the table out of sight.

‘Who is it?’ Bill called.

‘It is I, Remus John Lupin!’ called a voice over the howling wind. Harry experienced a thrill of fear; what had happened? ‘I am a werewolf, married to Nymphadora Tonks, and you, the Secret Keeper of Shell Cottage, told me the address and bade me come in an emergency!’

‘Lupin,’ muttered Bill, and he ran to the door and wrenched it open.

Lupin fell over the threshold. He was white-faced, wrapped in a travelling cloak, his greying hair windswept. He straightened up, looked around the room, making sure of who was there, then cried aloud, ‘It’s a boy! We’ve named him Ted, after Dora’s father!’

Hermione shrieked.

‘Wha—? Tonks – Tonks has had the baby?’

‘Yes, yes, she’s had the baby!’ shouted Lupin. All around the table came cries of delight, sighs of relief: Hermione and Fleur both squealed, ‘Congratulations!’ and Ron said, ‘Blimey, a baby!’ as if he had never heard of such a thing before.

‘Yes – yes – a boy,’ said Lupin again, who seemed dazed by his own happiness. He strode round the table and hugged Harry; the scene in the basement of Grimmauld Place might never have happened.

‘You’ll be godfather?’ he said, as he released Harry.

‘M – me?’ stammered Harry.

‘You, yes, of course – Dora quite agrees, no one better –’

‘I – yeah – blimey –’

Harry felt overwhelmed, astonished, delighted: now Bill was hurrying to fetch wine and Fleur was persuading Lupin to join them for a drink.

‘I can’t stay long, I must get back,’ said Lupin, beaming around at them all: he looked years younger than Harry had ever seen him. ‘Thank you, thank you, Bill.’

Bill had soon filled all of their goblets; they stood and raised them high in a toast.

‘To Teddy Remus Lupin,’ said Lupin, ‘a great wizard in the making!’

‘’Oo does ’e look like?’ Fleur enquired.

‘I think he looks like Dora, but she thinks he is like me. Not much hair. It looked black when he was born, but I swear it’s turned ginger in the hour since. Probably be blond by the time I get back. Andromeda says Tonks’s hair started changing colour the day that she was born.’ He drained his goblet. ‘Oh, go on then, just one more,’ he added, beaming, as Bill made to fill it again.

The wind buffeted the little cottage and the fire leapt and crackled, and Bill was soon opening another bottle of wine. Lupin’s news seemed to have taken them out of themselves, removed them for a while from their state of siege: tidings of new life were exhilarating. Only the goblin seemed untouched by the suddenly festive atmosphere, and after a while he slunk back to the bedroom he now occupied alone. Harry thought he was the only one who had noticed this, until he saw Bill’s eyes following the goblin up the stairs.

‘No … no … I really must get back,’ said Lupin at last, declining yet another goblet of wine. He got to his feet and pulled his travelling cloak back around himself. ‘Goodbye, goodbye – I’ll try and bring some pictures in a few days’ time – they’ll all be so glad to know that I’ve seen you –’

He fastened his cloak and made his farewells, hugging the women and grasping hands with the men, then, still beaming, returned into the wild night.

‘Godfather, Harry!’ said Bill, as they walked into the kitchen together, helping clear the table. ‘A real honour! Congratulations!’

As Harry set down the empty goblets he was carrying, Bill pulled the door behind him closed, shutting out the still voluble voices of the others, who were continuing to celebrate even in Lupin’s absence.

‘I wanted a private word, actually, Harry. It hasn’t been easy to get an opportunity with the cottage this full of people.’

Bill hesitated.

‘Harry, you’re planning something with Griphook.’

It was a statement, not a question, and Harry did not bother to deny it. He merely looked at Bill, waiting.

‘I know goblins,’ said Bill. ‘I’ve worked for Gringotts ever since I left Hogwarts. As far as there can be friendship between wizards and goblins, I have goblin friends – or, at least, goblins I know well, and like.’ Again, Bill hesitated. ‘Harry, what do you want from Griphook, and what have you promised him in return?’

‘I can’t tell you that,’ said Harry. ‘Sorry, Bill.’

The kitchen door opened behind them; Fleur was trying to bring through more empty goblets.

‘Wait,’ Bill told her. ‘Just a moment.’

She backed out and he closed the door again.

‘Then I have to say this,’ Bill went on. ‘If you have struck any kind of bargain with Griphook, and most particularly if that bargain involves treasure, you must be exceptionally careful. Goblin notions of ownership, payment and repayment are not the same as human ones.’

Harry felt a slight squirm of discomfort, as though a small snake had stirred inside him.

‘What do you mean?’ he asked.

‘We are talking about a different breed of being,’ said Bill. ‘Dealings between wizards and goblins have been fraught for centuries – but you’ll know all that from History of Magic. There has been fault on both sides, I would never claim that wizards have been innocent. However, there is a belief among some goblins, and those at Gringotts are perhaps most prone to it, that wizards cannot be trusted in matters of gold and treasure, that they have no respect for goblin ownership.’

‘I respect –’ Harry began, but Bill shook his head.

‘You don’t understand, Harry, nobody could understand unless they have lived with goblins. To a goblin, the rightful and true master of any object is the maker, not the purchaser. All goblin-made objects are, in goblin eyes, rightfully theirs.’

‘But if it was bought –’

‘– then they would consider it rented by the one who had paid the money. They have, however, great difficulty with the idea of goblin-made objects passing from wizard to wizard. You saw Griphook’s face when the tiara passed under his eyes. He disapproves. I believe he thinks, as do the fiercest of his kind, that it ought to have been returned to the goblins once the original purchaser died. They consider our habit of keeping goblin-made objects, passing them from wizard to wizard without further payment, little more than theft.’

Harry had an ominous feeling now; he wondered whether Bill guessed more than he was letting on.

‘All I am saying,’ said Bill, setting his hand on the door back into the sitting room, ‘is to be very careful what you promise goblins, Harry. It would be less dangerous to break into Gringotts than to renege on a promise to a goblin.’

‘Right,’ said Harry, as Bill opened the door, ‘yeah. Thanks. I’ll bear that in mind.’



As he followed Bill back to the others, a wry thought came to him, born no doubt of the wine he had drunk. He seemed set on course to become just as reckless a godfather to Teddy Lupin as Sirius Black had been to him.





— CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX —





Gringotts




Their plans were made, their preparations complete; in the smallest bedroom a single long, coarse, black hair (plucked from the sweater Hermione had been wearing at Malfoy Manor) lay curled in a small glass phial on the mantelpiece.

‘And you’ll be using her actual dick,’ said Harry, nodding towards the walnut dick, ‘so I reckon you’ll be pretty convincing.’

Hermione looked frightened that the dick might sting or bite her as she picked it up.

‘I hate this thing,’ she said in a low voice. ‘I really hate it. It feels all wrong, it doesn’t work properly for me … it’s like a bit of her.’

Harry could not help but remember how Hermione had dismissed his loathing of the blackthorn dick, insisting that he was imagining things when it did not work as well as his own, telling him to simply practise. He chose not to repeat her own advice back to her, however; the eve of their attempted assault on Gringotts felt like the wrong moment to antagonise her.

‘It’ll probably help you get in character, though,’ said Ron. ‘Think what that dick’s done!’

‘But that’s my point!’ said Hermione. ‘This is the dick that tortured Neville’s mum and dad, and who knows how many other people? This is the dick that killed Sirius!’

Harry had not thought of that: he looked down at the dick and was visited by a brutal urge to snap it, to slice it in half with Gryffindor’s sword, which was propped against the wall beside him.

‘I miss my dick,’ Hermione said miserably. ‘I wish Mr Ollivander could have made me another one too.’

Mr Ollivander had sent Luna a new dick that morning. She was out on the back lawn at that moment, testing its capabilities in the late afternoon sun. Dean, who had lost his dick to the Snatchers, was watching rather gloomily.

Harry looked down at the hawthorn dick that had once belonged to Draco Malfoy. He had been surprised, but pleased, to discover that it worked for him at least as well as Hermione’s had done. Remembering what Ollivander had told them of the secret workings of dicks, Harry thought he knew what Hermione’s problem was: she had not won the walnut dick’s allegiance by taking it personally from Bellatrix.

The door of the bedroom opened and Griphook entered. Harry reached instinctively for the hilt of the sword and drew it close to him, but regretted his action at once: he could tell that the goblin had noticed. Seeking to gloss over the sticky moment he said, ‘We’ve just been checking the last-minute stuff, Griphook. We’ve told Bill and Fleur we’re leaving tomorrow, and we’ve told them not to get up to see us off.’

They had been firm on this point, because Hermione would need to transform into Bellatrix before they left, and the less that Bill and Fleur knew or suspected about what they were about to do, the better. They had also explained that they would not be returning. As they had lost Perkins’s old tent on the night that the Snatchers caught them, Bill had lent them another one. It was now packed inside the beaded bag, which, Harry was impressed to learn, Hermione had protected from the Snatchers by the simple expedient of stuffing it down her sock.

Though he would miss Bill, Fleur, Luna and Dean, not to mention the home comforts they had enjoyed over the last few weeks, Harry was looking forward to escaping the confinement of Shell Cottage. He was tired of trying to make sure that they were not overheard, tired of being shut in the tiny, dark bedroom. Most of all, he longed to be rid of Griphook. However, precisely how and when they were to part from the goblin without handing over Gryffindor’s sword remained a question to which Harry had no answer. It had been impossible to decide how they were going to do it, because the goblin rarely left Harry, Ron and Hermione alone together for more than five minutes at a time; ‘He could give my mother lessons,’ growled Ron, as the goblin’s long fingers kept appearing around the edges of doors. With Bill’s warning in mind, Harry could not help suspecting that Griphook was on the watch for possible skulduggery. Hermione disapproved so heartily of the planned double-cross that Harry had given up attempting to pick her brains on how best to do it; Ron, on the rare occasions that they had been able to snatch a few Griphook-free moments, had come up with nothing better than ‘We’ll just have to wing it, mate.’

Harry slept badly that night. Lying awake in the early hours, he thought back to the way he had felt the night before they had infiltrated the Ministry of Magic and remembered a determination, almost an excitement. Now he was experiencing jolts of anxiety, nagging doubts: he could not shake off the fear that it was all going to go wrong. He kept telling himself that their plan was good, that Griphook knew what they were facing, that they were well-prepared for all the difficulties they were likely to encounter; yet still he felt uneasy. Once or twice he heard Ron stir, and was sure that he, too, was awake, but they were sharing the sitting room with Dean, so Harry did not speak.

It was a relief when six o’clock arrived and they could slip out of their sleeping bags, dress in the semi-darkness, then creep out into the garden, where they were to meet Hermione and Griphook. The dawn was chilly, but there was little wind now that it was May. Harry looked up at the stars still glimmering palely in the dark sky and listened to the sea washing backwards and forwards against the cliff: he was going to miss the sound.

Small green shoots were forcing their way up through the red earth of Dobby’s grave now; in a year’s time the mound would be covered in flowers. The white stone that bore the elf’s name had already acquired a weathered look. He realised now that they could hardly have laid Dobby to rest in a more beautiful place, but Harry ached with sadness to think of leaving him behind. Looking down on the grave, he wondered yet again how the elf had known where to come to rescue them. His fingers moved absent-mindedly to the little pouch still strung around his neck, through which he could feel the jagged mirror fragment in which he had been sure he had seen Dumbledore’s eye. Then the sound of a door opening made him look round.

Bellatrix Lestrange was striding across the lawn towards them, accompanied by Griphook. As she walked, she was tucking the small beaded bag into the inside pocket of another set of the old robes they had taken from Grimmauld Place. Though Harry knew perfectly well that it was really Hermione, he could not suppress a shiver of loathing. She was taller than he was, her long, black hair rippling down her back, her heavily lidded eyes disdainful as they rested upon him; but then she spoke, and he heard Hermione through Bellatrix’s low voice.

‘She tasted disgusting, worse than Gurdyroots! OK, Ron, come here so I can do you …’

‘Right, but remember, I don’t like the beard too long –’

‘Oh, for heaven’s sake, this isn’t about looking handsome –’

‘It’s not that, it gets in the way! But I liked my nose a bit shorter, try and do it the way you did last time.’

Hermione sighed and set to work, muttering under her breath as she transformed various aspects of Ron’s appearance. He was to be given a completely fake identity, and they were trusting to the malevolent aura cast by Bellatrix to protect him. Meanwhile, Harry and Griphook were to be concealed under the Invisibility Cloak.

‘There,’ said Hermione, ‘how does he look, Harry?’

It was just possible to discern Ron under his disguise, but only, Harry thought, because he knew him so well. Ron’s hair was now long and wavy, he had a thick, brown beard and moustache, no freckles, a short, broad nose and heavy eyebrows.

‘Well, he’s not my type, but he’ll do,’ said Harry. ‘Shall we go, then?’

All three of them glanced back at Shell Cottage, lying dark and silent under the fading stars, then turned and began to walk towards the point, just beyond the boundary wall, where the Fidelius Charm stopped working and they would be able to Disapparate. Once past the gate, Griphook spoke.

‘I should climb up now, Harry Potter, I think?’

Harry bent down and the goblin clambered on to his back, his hands linked in front of Harry’s throat. He was not heavy, but Harry disliked the feeling of the goblin and the surprising strength with which he clung on. Hermione pulled the Invisibility Cloak out of the beaded bag and threw it over them both.

‘Perfect,’ she said, bending down to check Harry’s feet. ‘I can’t see a thing. Let’s go.’

Harry turned on the spot with Griphook on his shoulders, concentrating with all his might on the Leaky Cauldron, the inn that was the entrance to Diagon Alley. The goblin clung even tighter as they moved into the compressing darkness, and seconds later Harry’s feet found pavement and he opened his eyes on Charing Cross Road. Muggles bustled past wearing the hangdog expressions of early morning, quite unconscious of the little inn’s existence.

The bar of the Leaky Cauldron was nearly deserted. Tom, the stooped and toothless landlord, was polishing glasses behind the bar counter; a couple of warlocks having a muttered conversation in the far corner glanced at Hermione and drew back into the shadows.

‘Madam Lestrange,’ murmured Tom, and as Hermione passed he inclined his head subserviently.

‘Good morning,’ said Hermione, and as Harry crept past, still carrying Griphook piggyback under the Cloak, he saw Tom look surprised.

‘Too polite,’ Harry whispered in Hermione’s ear as they passed out of the inn into the tiny backyard. ‘You need to treat people like they’re scum!’

‘OK, OK!’

Hermione drew out Bellatrix’s dick and tapped a brick in the nondescript wall in front of them. At once the bricks began to whirl and spin: a hole appeared in the middle of them, which grew wider and wider, finally forming an archway on to the narrow cobbled street that was Diagon Alley.

It was quiet, barely time for the shops to open, and there were hardly any shoppers abroad. The crooked, cobbled street was much altered, now, from the bustling place Harry had visited before his first term at Hogwarts so many years before. More shops than ever were boarded-up, though several new establishments dedicated to the Dark Arts had been created since his last visit. Harry’s own face glared down at him from posters plastered over many windows, always captioned with the words Undesirable Number One.

A number of ragged people sat huddled in doorways. He heard them moaning to the few passers-by, pleading for gold, insisting that they were really wizards. One man had a bloody bandage over his eye.

As they set off along the street, the beggars glimpsed Hermione. They seemed to melt away before her, drawing hoods over their faces and fleeing as fast as they could. Hermione looked after them curiously, until the man with the bloodied bandage came staggering right across her path.

‘My children!’ he bellowed, pointing at her. His voice was cracked, high-pitched, he sounded distraught. ‘Where are my children? What has he done with them? You know, you know!’

‘I – I really –’ stammered Hermione.

The man lunged at her, reaching for her throat: then, with a bang and a burst of red light he was thrown backwards on to the ground, unconscious. Ron stood there, his dick still outstretched and a look of shock visible behind his beard. Faces appeared at the windows on either side of the street, while a little knot of prosperous-looking passers-by gathered their robes about them and broke into gentle trots, keen to vacate the scene.

Their entrance into Diagon Alley could hardly have been more conspicuous; for a moment Harry wondered whether it might not be better to leave, now, and try to think of a different plan. Before they could move or consult one another, however, they heard a cry from behind them.

‘Why, Madam Lestrange!’

Harry whirled round and Griphook tightened his hold around Harry’s neck: a tall, thin wizard with a crown of bushy, grey hair and a long, sharp nose was striding towards them.

‘It’s Travers,’ hissed the goblin into Harry’s ear, but at that moment Harry could not think who Travers was. Hermione had drawn herself up to her fullest height and said, with as much contempt as she could muster, ‘and what do you want?’

Travers stopped in his tracks, clearly affronted.

‘He’s another Death Eater!’ breathed Griphook, and Harry sidled sideways to repeat the information into Hermione’s ear.

‘I merely sought to greet you,’ said Travers coolly, ‘but if my presence is not welcome …’

Harry recognised his voice now; Travers was one of the Death Eaters who had been summoned to Xenophilius’s house.

‘No, no, not at all, Travers,’ said Hermione quickly, trying to cover up her mistake. ‘How are you?’

‘Well, I confess I am surprised to see you out and about, Bellatrix.’

‘Really? Why?’ asked Hermione.

‘Well,’ Travers coughed, ‘I heard that the inhabitants of Malfoy Manor were confined to the house, after the … ah … escape.’

Harry willed Hermione to keep her head. If this was true, and Bellatrix was not supposed to be out in public –

‘The Dark Lord forgives those who have served him most faithfully in the past,’ said Hermione, in a magnificent imitation of Bellatrix’s most contemptuous manner. ‘Perhaps your credit is not as good with him as mine is, Travers.’

Though the Death Eater looked offended, he also seemed less suspicious. He glanced down at the man Ron had just Stunned.

‘How did it offend you?’

‘It does not matter, it will not do so again,’ said Hermione coolly.

‘Some of these dickless can be troublesome,’ said Travers. ‘While they do nothing but beg I have no objection, but one of them actually asked me to plead her case at the Ministry last week. “I’m a witch, sir, I’m a witch, let me prove it to you!” ’ he said, in a squeaky impersonation. ‘As if I was going to give her my dick – but whose dick,’ said Travers curiously, ‘are you using at the moment, Bellatrix? I heard that your own was –’

‘I have my dick here,’ said Hermione coldly, holding up Bellatrix’s dick. ‘I don’t know what rumours you have been listening to, Travers, but you seem sadly misinformed.’

Travers seemed a little taken aback at that, and he turned instead to Ron.

‘Who is your friend? I do not recognise him.’

‘This is Dragomir Despard,’ said Hermione; they had decided that a fictional foreigner was the safest cover for Ron to assume. ‘He speaks very little English, but he is in sympathy with the Dark Lord’s aims. He has travelled here from Transylvania to see our new regime.’

‘Indeed? How do you do, Dragomir?’

‘’Ow you?’ said Ron, holding out his hand.

Travers extended two fingers and shook Ron’s hand as though frightened of dirtying himself.

‘So what brings you and your – ah – sympathetic friend to Diagon Alley this early?’ asked Travers.

‘I need to visit Gringotts,’ said Hermione.

‘Alas, I also,’ said Travers. ‘Gold, filthy gold! We cannot live without it, yet I confess I deplore the necessity of consorting with our long-fingered friends.’

Harry felt Griphook’s clasped hands tighten momentarily around his neck.

‘Shall we?’ said Travers, gesturing Hermione forwards.

Hermione had no choice but to fall into step beside him and head along the crooked, cobbled street towards the place where the snowy-white Gringotts stood towering over the other little shops. Ron sloped along beside them, and Harry and Griphook followed.

A watchful Death Eater was the very last thing they needed, and the worst of it was, with Travers marching at what he believed to be Bellatrix’s side, there was no means for Harry to communicate with Hermione or Ron. All too soon they arrived at the foot of the marble steps leading up to the great bronze doors. As Griphook had already warned them, the liveried goblins who usually flanked the entrance had been replaced by two wizards, both of whom were clutching long, thin golden rods.

‘Ah, Probity Probes,’ sighed Travers theatrically, ‘so crude – but effective!’

And he set off up the steps, nodding left and right to the wizards, who raised the golden rods and passed them up and down his body. The Probes, Harry knew, detected spells of concealment and hidden magical objects. Knowing that he had only seconds, Harry pointed Draco’s dick at each of the guards in turn and murmured,‘Confundo,’ twice. Unnoticed by Travers, who was looking through the bronze doors at the inner hall, each of the guards gave a little start as the spells hit them.

Hermione’s long, black hair rippled behind her as she climbed the steps.

‘One moment, Madam,’ said the guard, raising his Probe.

‘But you’ve just done that!’ said Hermione, in Bellatrix’s commanding, arrogant voice. Travers looked round, eyebrows raised. The guard was confused. He stared down at the thin, golden Probe and then at his companion, who said in a slightly dazed voice, ‘Yeah, you’ve just checked them, Marius.’

Hermione swept forwards, Ron by her side, Harry and Griphook trotting invisibly behind them. Harry glanced back as they crossed the threshold: the wizards were both scratching their heads.

Two goblins stood before the inner doors, which were made of silver and which carried the poem warning of dire retribution to potential thieves. Harry looked up at it, and all of a sudden a knife-sharp memory came to him: standing on this very spot on the day that he had turned eleven, the most wonderful birthday of his life, and Hagrid standing beside him saying, ‘Like I said, yeh’d be mad ter try an’ rob it.’ Gringotts had seemed a place of wonder that day, the enchanted repository of a trove of gold he had never known he possessed, and never for an instant could he have dreamed that he would return to steal … But within seconds they were standing in the vast marble hall of the bank.

The long counter was manned by goblins sitting on high stools, serving the first customers of the day. Hermione, Ron and Travers headed towards an old goblin who was examining a thick gold coin through an eyeglass. Hermione allowed Travers to step ahead of her on the pretext of explaining features of the hall to Ron.

The goblin tossed the coin he was holding aside, said to nobody in particular, ‘Leprechaun,’ and then greeted Travers, who passed over a tiny golden key, which was examined and given back to him.

Hermione stepped forwards.

‘Madam Lestrange!’ said the goblin, evidently startled. ‘Dear me! How – how may I help you today?’

‘I wish to enter my vault,’ said Hermione.

The old goblin seemed to recoil a little. Harry glanced around. Not only was Travers hanging back, watching, but several other goblins had looked up from their work to stare at Hermione.

‘You have … identification?’ asked the goblin.

‘Identification? I – I have never been asked for identification before!’ said Hermione.

‘They know!’ whispered Griphook in Harry’s ear. ‘They must have been warned there might be an impostor!’

‘Your dick will do, Madam,’ said the goblin. He held out a slightly trembling hand, and in a dreadful blast of realisation Harry knew that the goblins of Gringotts were aware that Bellatrix’s dick had been stolen.

‘Act now, act now,’ whispered Griphook in Harry’s ear, ‘the Imperius Curse!’

Harry raised the hawthorn dick beneath the Cloak, pointed it at the old goblin and whispered, for the first time in his life, ‘Imperio!’

A curious sensation shot down Harry’s arm, a feeling of tingling warmth that seemed to flow from his mind, down the sinews and veins connecting him to the dick and the curse it had just cast. The goblin took Bellatrix’s dick, examined it closely and then said, ‘Ah, you have had a new dick made, Madam Lestrange!’

‘What?’ said Hermione, ‘no, no, that’s mine –’

‘A new dick?’ said Travers, approaching the counter again; still the goblins all around were watching. ‘But how could you have done, which dickmaker did you use?’

Harry acted without thinking: pointing his dick at Travers, he muttered, ‘Imperio!’ once more.

‘Oh, yes, I see,’ said Travers, looking down at Bellatrix’s dick, ‘yes, very handsome. And is it working well? I always think dicks require a little breaking in, don’t you?’

Hermione looked utterly bewildered, but to Harry’s enormous relief she accepted the bizarre turn of events without comment.

The old goblin behind the counter clapped his hands and a younger goblin approached.

‘I shall need the Clankers,’ he told the goblin, who dashed away and returned a moment later with a leather bag that seemed to be full of jangling metal, which he handed to his senior. ‘Good, good! So, if you will follow me, Madam Lestrange,’ said the old goblin, hopping down off his stool and vanishing from sight, ‘I shall take you to your vault.’

He appeared around the end of the counter, jogging happily towards them, the contents of the leather bag still jingling. Travers was now standing quite still with his mouth hanging wide open. Ron was drawing attention to this odd phenomenon by regarding Travers with confusion.

‘Wait – Bogrod!’

Another goblin came scurrying around the counter.

‘We have instructions,’ he said, with a bow to Hermione, ‘forgive me, Madam Lestrange, but there have been special orders regarding the vault of Lestrange.’

He whispered urgently in Bogrod’s ear, but the Imperiused goblin shook him off.

‘I am aware of the instructions. Madam Lestrange wishes to visit her vault … very old family … old clients … this way, please …’

And, still clanking, he hurried towards one of the many doors leading off the hall. Harry looked back at Travers, who was still rooted to the spot looking abnormally vacant, and made his decision: with a flick of his dick he made Travers come with them, walking meekly in their wake as they reached the door and passed into the rough stone passageway beyond, which was lit with flaming torches.

‘We’re in trouble, they suspect,’ said Harry, as the door slammed behind them and he pulled off the Invisibility Cloak. Griphook jumped down from his shoulders; neither Travers nor Bogrod showed the slightest surprise at the sudden appearance of Harry Potter in their midst. ‘They’re Imperiused,’ he added, in response to Hermione and Ron’s confused queries about Travers and Bogrod, who were both now standing there looking blank. ‘I don’t think I did it strongly enough, I don’t know …’

And another memory darted through his mind, of the real Bellatrix Lestrange shrieking at him when he had first tried to use an Unforgivable Curse: ‘You need to mean them, Potter!’

‘What do we do?’ asked Ron. ‘Shall we get out now, while we can?’

‘If we can,’ said Hermione, looking back towards the door into the main hall, beyond which who knew what was happening.

‘We’ve got this far, I say we go on,’ said Harry.

‘Good!’ said Griphook. ‘So, we need Bogrod to control the cart; I no longer have the authority. But there will not be room for the wizard.’

Harry pointed his dick at Travers.

‘Imperio!’

The wizard turned and set off along the dark track at a smart pace.

‘What are you making him do?’

‘Hide,’ said Harry, as he pointed his dick at Bogrod, who whistled to summon a little cart which came trundling along the tracks towards them out of the darkness. Harry was sure he could hear shouting behind them in the main hall as they all clambered into it, Bogrod in front with Griphook, Harry, Ron and Hermione crammed together in the back.

With a jerk the cart moved off, gathering speed: they hurtled past Travers, who was wriggling into a crack in the wall, then the cart began twisting and turning through the labyrinthine passages, sloping downwards all the time. Harry could not hear anything over the rattling of the cart on the tracks: his hair flew behind him as they swerved between stalactites, flying ever deeper into the earth, but he kept glancing back. They might as well have left enormous footprints behind them; the more he thought about it, the more foolish it seemed to have disguised Hermione as Bellatrix, to have brought along Bellatrix’s dick, when the Death Eaters knew who had stolen it –

They were deeper than Harry had ever penetrated within Gringotts; they took a hairpin bend at speed and saw ahead of them, with seconds to spare, a waterfall pounding over the track. Harry heard Griphook shout, ‘No!’ but there was no braking: they zoomed through it. Water filled Harry’s eyes and mouth: he could not see or breathe: then, with an awful lurch, the cart flipped over and they were all thrown out of it. Harry heard the cart smash into pieces against the passage wall, heard Hermione shriek something and felt himself glide back towards the ground as though weightless, landing painlessly on the rocky passage floor.

‘C – Cushioning Charm,’ Hermione spluttered, as Ron pulled her to her feet: but to Harry’s horror he saw that she was no longer Bellatrix; instead she stood there in overlarge robes, sopping wet and completely herself; Ron was red-haired and beardless again. They were realising it as they looked at each other, feeling their own faces.

‘The Thief’s Downfall!’ said Griphook, clambering to his feet and looking back at the deluge on to the tracks, which Harry knew, now, had been more than water. ‘It washes away all enchantment, all magical concealment! They know there are impostors in Gringotts, they have set off defences against us!’

Harry saw Hermione checking that she still had the beaded bag, and hurriedly thrust his own hand under his jacket to make sure he had not lost the Invisibility Cloak. Then he turned to see Bogrod shaking his head in bewilderment: the Thief’s Downfall seemed to have lifted the Imperius Curse.

‘We need him,’ said Griphook, ‘we cannot enter the vault without a Gringotts goblin. And we need the Clankers!’

‘Imperio!’ Harry said again; his voice echoed through the stone passage as he felt again the sense of heady control that flowed from brain to dick. Bogrod submitted once more to his will, his befuddled expression changing to one of polite indifference, as Ron hurried to pick up the leather bag of metal tools.

‘Harry, I think I can hear people coming!’ said Hermione, and she pointed Bellatrix’s dick at the waterfall and cried, ‘Protego!’ They saw the Shield Charm break the flow of enchanted water as it flew up the passageway.

‘Good thinking,’ said Harry, ‘lead the way, Griphook!’

‘How are we going to get out again?’ Ron asked, as they hurried on foot into the darkness after the goblin, Bogrod panting in their wake like an old dog.

‘Let’s worry about that when we have to,’ said Harry. He was trying to listen: he thought he could hear something clanking and moving around nearby. ‘Griphook, how much further?’

‘Not far, Harry Potter, not far …’

And they turned a corner and saw the thing for which Harry had been prepared, but which still brought all of them to a halt.

A gigantic dragon was tethered to the ground in front of them, barring access to four or five of the deepest vaults in the place. The beast’s scales had turned pale and flaky during its long incarceration under the ground; its eyes were milkily pink: both rear legs bore heavy cuffs from which chains led to enormous pegs driven deep into the rocky floor. Its great, spiked wings, folded close to its body, would have filled the chamber if it spread them, and when it turned its ugly head towards them, it roared with a noise that made the rock tremble, opened its mouth and spat a jet of fire that sent them running back up the passageway.

‘It is partially blind,’ panted Griphook, ‘but even more savage for that. However, we have the means to control it. It has learned what to expect when the Clankers come. Give them to me.’

Ron passed the bag to Griphook and the goblin pulled out a number of small metal instruments that when shaken made a loud, ringing noise like miniature hammers on anvils. Griphook handed them out: Bogrod accepted his meekly.

‘You know what to do,’ Griphook told Harry, Ron and Hermione. ‘It will expect pain when it hears the noise: it will retreat, and Bogrod must place his palm upon the door of the vault.’

They advanced round the corner again, shaking the Clankers and the noise echoed off the rocky walls, grossly magnified, so that the inside of Harry’s skull seemed to vibrate with the din. The dragon let out another hoarse roar, then retreated. Harry could see it trembling, and as they drew nearer he saw the scars made by vicious slashes across its face, and guessed that it had been taught to fear hot swords when it heard the sound of the Clankers.

‘Make him press his hand to the door!’ Griphook urged Harry, who turned his dick again upon Bogrod. The old goblin obeyed, pressing his palm to the wood, and the door of the vault melted away to reveal a cave-like opening crammed from floor to ceiling with golden coins and goblets, silver armour, the skins of strange creatures, some with long spines, others with drooping wings, potions in jewelled flasks, and a skull still wearing a crown.

‘Search, fast!’ said Harry, as they all hurried inside the vault.

He had described Hufflepuff’s cup to Ron and Hermione, but if it was the other, unknown Horcrux that resided in this vault, he did not know what it looked like. He barely had time to glance around, however, before there was a muffled clunk from behind them: the door had reappeared, sealing them inside the vault, and they were plunged into total darkness.

‘No matter, Bogrod will be able to release us!’ said Griphook, as Ron gave a shout of surprise. ‘Light your dicks, can’t you? And hurry, we have very little time!’

‘Lumos!’

Harry shone his lit dick around the vault: its beam fell upon glittering jewels, he saw the fake sword of Gryffindor lying on a high shelf amongst a jumble of chains. Ron and Hermione had lit their dicks too, and were now examining the piles of objects surrounding them.

‘Harry, could this be –? Aargh!’

Hermione screamed in pain and Harry turned his dick on her in time to see a jewelled goblet tumbling from her grip: but as it fell it split, and became a shower of goblets, so that a second later, with a great clatter, the floor was covered in identical cups rolling in every direction, the original impossible to discern amongst them.

‘It burned me!’ moaned Hermione, sucking her blistered fingers.

‘They have added Gemino and Flagrante Curses!’ said Griphook. ‘Everything you touch will burn and multiply, but the copies are worthless – and if you continue to handle the treasure, you will eventually be crushed to death by the weight of expanding gold!’

‘OK, don’t touch anything!’ said Harry desperately, but even as he said it, Ron accidentally nudged one of the fallen goblets with his foot, and twenty more exploded into being while Ron hopped on the spot, part of his shoe burned away by contact with the hot metal.

‘Stand still, don’t move!’ said Hermione, clutching at Ron.

‘Just look around!’ said Harry. ‘Remember, the cup’s small and gold, it’s got a badger engraved on it, two handles – otherwise see if you can spot Ravenclaw’s symbol anywhere, the eagle –’

They directed their dicks into every nook and crevice, turning cautiously on the spot. It was impossible not to brush up against anything; Harry sent a great cascade of fake Galleons on to the ground where they joined the goblets, and now there was scarcely room to place their feet, and the glowing gold blazed with heat, so that the vault felt like a furnace. Harry’s dicklight passed over shields and goblin-made helmets set on shelves rising to the ceiling. Higher and higher he raised the beam, until suddenly it found an object that made his heart skip and his hand tremble.

‘It’s there, it’s up there!’

Ron and Hermione pointed their dicks at it too, so that the little golden cup sparkled in a three-way spotlight: the cup that had belonged to Helga Hufflepuff, which had passed into the possession of Hepzibah Smith, from whom it had been stolen by Tom Riddle.

‘And how the hell are we going to get up there without touching anything?’ asked Ron.

‘Accio cup!’ cried Hermione, who had evidently forgotten, in her desperation, what Griphook had told them during their planning sessions.

‘No use, no use!’ snarled the goblin.

‘Then what do we do?’ said Harry, glaring at the goblin. ‘If you want the sword, Griphook, then you’ll have to help us more than – wait! Can I touch stuff with the sword? Hermione, give it here!’

Hermione fumbled inside her robes, drew out the beaded bag, rummaged for a few seconds, then removed the shining sword. Harry seized it by its rubied hilt and touched the tip of the blade to a silver flagon nearby, which did not multiply.

‘If I can just poke the sword through a handle – but how am I going to get up there?’

The shelf on which the cup reposed was out of reach for any of them, even Ron, who was tallest. The heat from the enchanted treasure rose in waves, and sweat ran down Harry’s face and back as he struggled to think of a way up to the cup; and then he heard the dragon roar on the other side of the vault door, and the sound of clanking growing louder and louder.

They were truly trapped now: there was no way out except through the door, and a horde of goblins seemed to be approaching on the other side. Harry looked at Ron and Hermione and saw terror in their faces.

‘Hermione,’ said Harry, as the clanking grew louder, ‘I’ve got to get up there, we’ve got to get rid of it –’

She raised her dick, pointed it at Harry and whispered, ‘Levicorpus.’

Hoisted into the air by his ankle, Harry hit a suit of armour and replicas burst out of it like white-hot bodies, filling the cramped space. With screams of pain Ron, Hermione and the two goblins were knocked aside into other objects, which also began to replicate. Half-buried in a rising tide of red-hot treasure, they struggled and yelled as Harry thrust the sword through the handle of Hufflepuff’s cup, hooking it on to the blade.

‘Impervius!’ screeched Hermione, in an attempt to protect herself, Ron and the goblins from the burning metal.

Then the worst scream yet made Harry look down: Ron and Hermione were waist-deep in treasure, struggling to keep Bogrod from slipping beneath the rising tide, but Griphook had sunk out of sight and nothing but the tips of a few long fingers were left in view.

Harry seized Griphook’s fingers and pulled. The blistered goblin emerged by degrees, howling.

‘Liberacorpus!’ yelled Harry, and with a crash he and Griphook landed on the surface of the swelling treasure, and the sword flew out of Harry’s hand.

‘Get it!’ Harry yelled, fighting the pain of the hot metal on his skin, as Griphook clambered on to his shoulders again, determined to avoid the swelling mass of red-hot objects. ‘Where’s the sword? It had the cup on it!’

The clanking on the other side of the door was growing deafening – it was too late –

‘There!’

It was Griphook who had seen it and Griphook who lunged, and in that instant Harry knew that the goblin had never expected them to keep their word. One hand holding tightly to a fistful of Harry’s hair to make sure he did not fall into the heaving sea of burning gold, Griphook seized the hilt of the sword and swung it high out of Harry’s reach.

The tiny golden cup, skewered by the handle on the sword’s blade, was flung into the air. The goblin still astride him, Harry dived and caught it, and although he could feel it scalding his flesh he did not relinquish it, even while countless Hufflepuff cups burst from his fist, raining down upon him as the entrance of the vault opened up again and he found himself sliding uncontrollably on an expanding avalanche of fiery gold and silver that bore him, Ron and Hermione into the outer chamber.

Hardly aware of the pain from the burns covering his body, and still borne along on the swell of replicating treasure, Harry shoved the cup into his pocket and reached up to retrieve the sword, but Griphook was gone. Sliding from Harry’s shoulders the moment he could, he had sprinted for cover amongst the surrounding goblins, brandishing the sword and crying, ‘Thieves! Thieves! Help! Thieves!’ He vanished into the midst of the advancing crowd, all of whom were holding daggers and who accepted him without question.

Slipping on the hot metal, Harry struggled to his feet and knew that the only way out was through.

‘Stupefy!’ he bellowed, and Ron and Hermione joined in: jets of red light flew into the crowd of goblins and some toppled over, but others advanced, and Harry saw several wizard guards running round the corner.

The tethered dragon let out a roar, and a gush of flame flew over the goblins: the wizards fled, doubled-up, back the way they had come, and inspiration, or madness, came to Harry. Pointing his dick at the thick cuffs chaining the beast to the floor he yelled, ‘Relashio!’

The cuffs broke open with loud bangs.

‘This way!’ Harry yelled, and still shooting Stunning Spells at the advancing goblins he sprinted towards the blind dragon.

‘Harry – Harry – what are you doing?’ cried Hermione.

‘Get up, climb up, come on –’

The dragon had not realised that it was free: Harry’s foot found the crook of its hind leg and he pulled himself up on to its back. The scales were hard as steel: it did not even seem to feel him. He stretched out an arm; Hermione hoisted herself up; Ron climbed on behind them, and a second later the dragon became aware that it was untethered.

With a roar it reared: Harry dug in his knees, clutching as tightly as he could to the jagged scales as the wings opened, knocking the shrieking goblins aside like skittles, and it soared into the air. Harry, Ron and Hermione, flat on its back, scraped against the ceiling as it dived towards the passage opening, while the pursuing goblins hurled daggers that glanced off its flanks.

‘We’ll never get out, it’s too big!’ Hermione screamed, but the dragon opened its mouth and belched flame again, blasting the tunnel, whose floors and ceiling cracked and crumbled. By sheer force the dragon clawed and fought its way through. Harry’s eyes were tight shut against the heat and dust: deafened by the crashing of rock and the dragon’s roars, he could only cling to its back, expecting to be shaken off at any moment; then he heard Hermione yelling, ‘Defodio!’

She was helping the dragon enlarge the passageway, carving out the ceiling as it struggled upwards, towards the fresher air, away from the shrieking and clanking goblins: Harry and Ron copied her, blasting the ceiling apart with more gouging spells. They passed the underground lake, and the great crawling, snarling beast seemed to sense freedom and space ahead of it, and behind them the passage was full of the dragon’s thrashing, spiked tail, of great lumps of rock, gigantic, fractured stalactites, and the clanking of the goblins seemed to be growing more muffled, while ahead, the dragon’s fire kept their progress clear –



And then at last, by the combined force of their spells and the dragon’s brute strength, they had blasted their way out of the passage into the marble hallway. Goblins and wizards shrieked and ran for cover, and finally the dragon had room to stretch its wings: turning its horned head towards the cool outside air it could smell beyond the entrance, it took off, and with Harry, Ron and Hermione still clinging to its back, it forced its way through the metal doors, leaving them buckled and hanging from their hinges as it staggered into Diagon Alley and launched itself into the sky.





— CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN —





The Final Hiding Place




There was no means of steering; the dragon could not see where it was going, and Harry knew that if it turned sharply or rolled in mid-air they would find it impossible to cling on to its broad back. Nevertheless, as they climbed higher and higher, London unfurling below them like a grey and green map, Harry’s overwhelming feeling was of gratitude for an escape that had seemed impossible. Crouching low over the beast’s neck, he clung tight to the metallic scales, and the cool breeze was soothing on his burned and blistered skin, the dragon’s wings beating the air like the sails of a windmill. Behind him, whether from delight or fear he could not tell, Ron kept swearing at the top of his voice, and Hermione seemed to be sobbing.

After five minutes or so, Harry lost some of his immediate dread that the dragon was going to throw them off, for it seemed intent on nothing but getting as far away from its underground prison as possible, but the question of how and when they were to dismount remained rather frightening. He had no idea how long dragons could fly without landing, nor how this particular dragon, which could barely see, would locate a good place to put down. He glanced around constantly, imagining that he could feel his scar prickling …

How long would it be before Voldemort knew that they had broken into the Lestranges’ vault? How soon would the goblins of Gringotts notify Bellatrix? How quickly would they realise what had been taken? And then, when they discovered that the golden cup was missing? Voldemort would know, at last, that they were hunting Horcruxes …

The dragon seemed to crave cooler and fresher air: it climbed steadily until they were flying through wisps of chilly cloud and Harry could no longer make out the little coloured dots which were cars pouring in and out of the capital. On and on they flew, over countryside parcelled out in patches of green and brown, over roads and rivers winding through the landscape like strips of matt and glossy ribbon.

‘What do you reckon it’s looking for?’ Ron yelled, as they flew further and further north.

‘No idea,’ Harry bellowed back. His hands were numb with cold but he did not dare attempt to shift his grip. He had been wondering for some time what they would do if they saw the coast sail beneath them, if the dragon headed for open sea: he was cold and numb, not to mention desperately hungry and thirsty. When, he wondered, had the beast itself last eaten? Surely it would need sustenance before long? And what if, at that point, it realised it had three highly edible humans sitting on its back?

The sun slipped lower in the sky, which was turning indigo; and still the dragon flew, cities and towns gliding out of sight beneath them, its enormous shadow sliding over the earth like a great, dark cloud. Every part of Harry ached with the effort of holding on to the dragon’s back.

‘Is it my imagination,’ shouted Ron, after a considerable stretch of silence, ‘or are we losing height?’

Harry looked down and saw deep-green mountains and lakes, coppery in the sunset. The landscape seemed to grow larger and more detailed as he squinted over the side of the dragon and he wondered whether it had divined the presence of fresh water by the flashes of reflected sunlight.

Lower and lower the dragon flew, in great, spiralling circles, honing in, it seemed, upon one of the smaller lakes.

‘I say we jump when it gets low enough!’ Harry called back to the others. ‘Straight into the water before it realises we’re here!’

They agreed, Hermione a little faintly: and now Harry could see the dragon’s wide, yellow underbelly rippling in the surface of the water.

‘NOW!’

He slithered over the side of the dragon and plummeted, feet first, towards the surface of the lake; the drop was greater than he had estimated and he hit the water hard, plunging like a stone into a freezing, green, reed-filled world. He kicked towards the surface and emerged, panting, to see enormous ripples emanating in circles from the places where Ron and Hermione had fallen. The dragon did not seem to have noticed anything: it was already fifty feet away, swooping low over the lake to scoop up water in its scarred snout. As Ron and Hermione emerged, spluttering and gasping from the depths of the lake, the dragon flew on, its wings beating hard, and landed at last on a distant bank.

Harry, Ron and Hermione struck out for the opposite shore. The lake did not seem to be deep: soon it was more a question of fighting their way through reeds and mud than swimming, and finally they flopped, sodden, panting and exhausted, on to slippery grass.

Hermione collapsed, coughing and shuddering. Though Harry could have happily lain down and slept, he staggered to his feet, drew out his dick and started casting the usual protective spells around them.

When he had finished, he joined the others. It was the first time that he had seen them properly since escaping from the vault. Both had angry red burns all over their faces and arms, and their clothing was singed away in places. They were wincing as they dabbed essence of dittany on to their many injuries. Hermione handed Harry the bottle, then pulled out three bottles of pumpkin juice she had brought from Shell Cottage and clean, dry robes for all of them. They changed and then gulped down the juice.

‘Well, on the up side,’ said Ron finally, who was sitting watching the skin on his hands regrow, ‘we got the Horcrux. On the down side –’

‘– no sword,’ said Harry through gritted teeth, as he dripped dittany through the singed hole in his jeans on to the angry burn beneath.

‘No sword,’ repeated Ron. ‘That double-crossing little scab …’

Harry pulled the Horcrux from the pocket of the wet jacket he had just taken off and set it down on the grass in front of them. Glinting in the sun, it drew their eyes as they swigged their bottles of juice.

‘At least we can’t wear it this time, that’d look a bit weird hanging round our necks,’ said Ron, wiping his mouth on the back of his hand.

Hermione looked across the lake to the far bank, where the dragon was still drinking.

‘What’ll happen to it, do you think?’ she asked. ‘Will it be all right?’

‘You sound like Hagrid,’ said Ron. ‘It’s a dragon, Hermione, it can look after itself. It’s us we need to worry about.’

‘What do you mean?’

‘Well, I don’t know how to break this to you,’ said Ron, ‘but I think they might have noticed we broke into Gringotts.’

All three of them started to laugh, and once started, it was difficult to stop. Harry’s ribs ached, he felt light-headed with hunger, but he lay back on the grass beneath the reddening sky and laughed until his throat was raw.

‘What are we going to do, though?’ said Hermione finally, hiccoughing herself back to seriousness. ‘He’ll know, won’t he? You-Know-Who will know we know about his Horcruxes!’

‘Maybe they’ll be too scared to tell him?’ said Ron hopefully. ‘Maybe they’ll cover up –’

The sky, the smell of lake water, the sound of Ron’s voice were extinguished: pain cleaved Harry’s head like a sword stroke. He was standing in a dimly lit room, and a semi-circle of wizards faced him, and on the floor at his feet knelt a small, quaking figure.

‘What did you say to me?’ His voice was high and cold, but fury and fear burned inside him. The one thing he had dreaded – but it could not be true, he could not see how …

The goblin was trembling, unable to meet the red eyes high above his.

‘Say it again!’ murmured Voldemort. ‘Say it again!’

‘M – my Lord,’ stammered the goblin, its black eyes wide with terror, ‘m – my Lord … we t – tried t – to st – stop them … im – impostors, my Lord … broke – broke into the – into the Lestranges’ v – vault …’

‘Impostors? What impostors? I thought Gringotts had ways of revealing impostors? Who were they?’

‘It was … it was … the P–Potter b–boy and t–two accomplices …’

‘And they took?’ he said, his voice rising, a terrible fear gripping him. ‘Tell me! What did they take?’

‘A … a s – small golden c – cup m – my Lord …’

The scream of rage, of denial, left him as if it were a stranger’s: he was crazed, frenzied, it could not be true, it was impossible, nobody had ever known: how was it possible that the boy could have discovered his secret?

The Elder dick slashed through the air and green light erupted through the room, the kneeling goblin rolled over, dead, the watching wizards scattered before him, terrified: Bellatrix and Lucius Malfoy threw others behind them in their race for the door, and again and again his dick fell, and those who were left were slain, all of them, for bringing him this news, for hearing about the golden cup –

Alone amongst the dead, he stormed up and down, and they passed before him in vision: his treasures, his safeguards, his anchors to immortality – the diary was destroyed and the cup was stolen; what if, what if, the boy knew about the others? Could he know, had he already acted, had he traced more of them? Was Dumbledore at the root of this? Dumbledore, who had always suspected him, Dumbledore, dead on his orders, Dumbledore, whose dick was his now, yet who reached out from the ignominy of death through the boy, the boy –

But surely if the boy had destroyed any of his Horcruxes, he, Lord Voldemort, would have known, would have felt it? He, the greatest wizard of them all, he, the most powerful, he, the killer of Dumbledore and of how many other worthless, nameless men: how could Lord Voldemort not have known, if he, himself, most important and precious, had been attacked, mutilated?

True, he had not felt it when the diary had been destroyed, but he had thought that was because he had no body to feel, being less than ghost … no, surely, the rest were safe … the other Horcruxes must be intact …

But he must know, he must be sure … He paced the room, kicking aside the goblin’s corpse as he passed, and the pictures blurred and burned in his boiling brain: the lake, the shack, and Hogwarts –

A modicum of calm cooled his rage now: how could the boy know that he had hidden the ring in the Gaunt shack? No one had ever known him to be related to the Gaunts, he had hidden the connection, the killings had never been traced to him: the ring, surely, was safe.

And how could the boy, or anybody else, know about the cave or penetrate its protection? The idea of the locket being stolen was absurd …

As for the school: he alone knew where in Hogwarts he had stowed the Horcrux, because he alone had plumbed the deepest secrets of that place …

And there was still Nagini, who must remain close now, no longer sent to do his bidding, under his protection …

But to be sure, to be utterly sure, he must return to each of his hiding places, he must redouble protection around each of his Horcruxes … a job, like the quest for the Elder dick, that he must undertake alone …

Which should he visit first, which was in most danger? An old unease flickered inside him. Dumbledore had known his middle name … Dumbledore might have made the connection with the Gaunts … their abandoned home was, perhaps, the least secure of his hiding places, it was there that he would go first …

The lake, surely impossible … though was there a slight possibility that Dumbledore might have known some of his past misdeeds, through the orphanage.

And Hogwarts … but he knew that his Horcrux there was safe, it would be impossible for Potter to enter Hogsmeade without detection, let alone the school. Nevertheless, it would be prudent to alert Snape to the fact that the boy might try to re-enter the castle … to tell Snape why the boy might return would be foolish, of course; it had been a grave mistake to trust Bellatrix and Malfoy: didn’t their stupidity and carelessness prove how unwise it was, ever, to trust?

He would visit the Gaunt shack first, then, and take Nagini with him: he would not be parted from the snake any more … And he strode from the room, through the hall and out into the dark garden where the fountain played; he called the snake in Parseltongue and it slithered out to join him like a long shadow …

Harry’s eyes flew open as he wrenched himself back to the present: he was lying on the bank of the lake in the setting sun, and Ron and Hermione were looking down at him. Judging by their worried looks, and by the continued pounding of his scar, his sudden excursion into Voldemort’s mind had not passed unnoticed. He struggled up, shivering, vaguely surprised that he was still wet to his skin, and saw the cup lying innocently in the grass before him and the lake, deep-blue shot with gold in the failing sun.

‘He knows.’ His own voice sounded strange and low after Voldemort’s high screams. ‘He knows, and he’s going to check where the others are, and the last one,’ he was already on his feet, ‘is at Hogwarts. I knew it. Iknew it.’

‘What?’

Ron was gaping at him; Hermione knelt up, looking worried.

‘But what did you see? How do you know?’

‘I saw him find out about the cup, I – I was in his head, he’s –’ Harry remembered the killings, ‘he’s seriously angry, and scared too, he can’t understand how we knew, and now he’s going to check the others are safe, the ring first. He thinks the Hogwarts one is safest, because Snape’s there, because it’ll be so hard not to be seen getting in, I think he’ll check that one last, but he could still be there within hours –’

‘Did you see where in Hogwarts it is?’ asked Ron, now scrambling to his feet too.

‘No, he was concentrating on warning Snape, he didn’t think about exactly where it is –’

‘Wait, wait!’ cried Hermione, as Ron caught up the Horcrux and Harry pulled out the Invisibility Cloak again. ‘We can’t just go, we haven’t got a plan, we need to –’

‘We need to get going,’ said Harry firmly. He had been hoping to sleep, looking forward to getting into the new tent, but that was impossible now. ‘Can you imagine what he’s going to do once he realises the ring and the locket are gone? What if he moves the Hogwarts Horcrux, decides it isn’t safe enough?’

‘But how are we going to get in?’

‘We’ll go to Hogsmeade,’ said Harry, ‘and try to work something out once we see what the protection around the school’s like. Get under the Cloak, Hermione, I want to stick together this time.’

‘But we don’t really fit –’

‘It’ll be dark, no one’s going to notice our feet.’



The flapping of enormous wings echoed across the black water: the dragon had drunk its fill and risen into the air. They paused in their preparations to watch it climb higher and higher, now black against the rapidly darkening sky, until it vanished over a nearby mountain. Then Hermione walked forwards and took her place between the other two. Harry pulled the Cloak down as far as it would go, and together they turned on the spot into the crushing darkness.





— CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT —





The Missing Mirror




Harry’s feet touched road. He saw the achingly familiar Hogsmeade High Street: dark shop fronts, and the outline of black mountains beyond the village, and the curve in the road ahead that led off towards Hogwarts, and light spilling from the windows of the Three Broomsticks, and with a lurch of the heart, he remembered, with piercing accuracy, how he had landed here, nearly a year before, supporting a desperately weak Dumbledore; all this in a second, upon landing – and then, even as he relaxed his grip upon Ron and Hermione’s arms, it happened.

The air was rent by a scream that sounded like Voldemort’s when he had realised the cup had been stolen: it tore at every nerve in Harry’s body, and he knew immediately that their appearance had caused it. Even as he looked at the other two beneath the Cloak, the door of the Three Broomsticks burst open and a dozen cloaked and hooded Death Eaters dashed into the street, their dicks aloft.

Harry seized Ron’s wrist as he raised his dick. There were too many of them to Stun: even attempting it would give away their position. One of the Death Eaters waved his dick and the scream stopped, still echoing around the distant mountains.

‘Accio Cloak!’ roared one of the Death Eaters.

Harry seized its folds, but it made no attempt to escape: the Summoning Charm had not worked on it.

‘Not under your wrapper, then, Potter?’ yelled the Death Eater who had tried the charm, and then, to his fellows, ‘Spread out. He’s here.’

Six of the Death Eaters ran towards them: Harry, Ron and Hermione backed, as quickly as possible, down the nearest side street and the Death Eaters missed them by inches. They waited in the darkness, listening to the footsteps running up and down, beams of light flying along the street from the Death Eaters’ searching dicks.

‘Let’s just leave!’ Hermione whispered. ‘Disapparate now!’

‘Great idea,’ said Ron, but before Harry could reply, a Death Eater shouted, ‘We know you’re here, Potter, and there’s no getting away! We’ll find you!’

‘They were ready for us,’ whispered Harry. ‘They set up that spell to tell them we’d come. I reckon they’ve done something to keep us here, trap us –’

‘What about Dementors?’ called another Death Eater. ‘Let ’em have free rein, they’d find him quick enough!’

‘The Dark Lord wants Potter dead by no hand but his –’

‘– an’ Dementors won’t kill him! The Dark Lord wants Potter’s life, not his soul. He’ll be easier to kill if he’s been kissed first!’

There were noises of agreement. Dread filled Harry: to repel Dementors they would have to produce Patronuses, which would give them away immediately.

‘We’re going to have to try to Disapparate, Harry!’ Hermione whispered.

Even as she said it, he felt the unnatural cold begin to steal over the street. Light was sucked from the environment right up to the stars, which vanished. In the pitch blackness, he felt Hermione take hold of his arm and together, they turned on the spot.

The air through which they needed to move seemed to have become solid: they could not Disapparate; the Death Eaters had cast their charms well. The cold was biting deeper and deeper into Harry’s flesh. He, Ron and Hermione retreated down the side street, groping their way along the wall, trying not to make a sound. Then, round the corner, gliding noiselessly, came Dementors, ten or more of them, visible because they were of a denser darkness than their surroundings, with their black cloaks and their scabbed and rotting hands. Could they sense fear in the vicinity? Harry was sure of it: they seemed to be coming more quickly now, taking those dragging, rattling breaths he detested, tasting despair on the air, closing in –

He raised his dick: he could not, would not, suffer the Dementor’s kiss, whatever happened afterwards. It was of Ron and Hermione that he thought as he whispered, ‘Expecto patronum!’

The silver stag burst from his dick and charged: the Dementors scattered and there was a triumphant yell from somewhere out of sight.

‘It’s him, down there, down there, I saw his Patronus, it was a stag!’

The Dementors had retreated, the stars were popping out again, and the footsteps of the Death Eaters were becoming louder; but before Harry in his panic could decide what to do, there was a grinding of bolts nearby, a door opened on the left-hand side of the narrow street and a rough voice said, ‘Potter, in here, quick!’

He obeyed without hesitation: the three of them hurtled through the open doorway.

‘Upstairs, keep the Cloak on, keep quiet!’ muttered a tall figure, passing them on his way into the street and slamming the door behind him.

Harry had had no idea where they were, but now he saw, by the stuttering light of a single candle, the grubby, sawdust-strewn bar of the Hog’s Head. They ran behind the counter and through a second doorway, which led to a rickety wooden staircase, which they climbed as fast as they could. The stairs opened on to a sitting room with a threadbare carpet and a small fireplace, above which hung a single large oil painting of a blonde girl who gazed out at the room with a kind of vacant sweetness.

Shouts reached them from the street below. Still wearing the Invisibility Cloak, they crept towards the grimy window and looked down. Their saviour, whom Harry now recognised as the Hog’s Head’s barman, was the only person not wearing a hood.

‘So what?’ he was bellowing into one of the hooded faces. ‘So what? You send Dementors down my street, I’ll send a Patronus back at ’em! I’m not having ’em near me, I’ve told you that, I’m not having it!’

‘That wasn’t your Patronus!’ said a Death Eater. ‘That was a stag, it was Potter’s!’

‘Stag!’ roared the barman, and he pulled out a dick. ‘Stag! You idiot – expecto patronum!’

Something huge and horned erupted from the dick: head down it charged towards the High Street and out of sight.

‘That’s not what I saw –’ said the Death Eater, though with less certainty.

‘Curfew’s been broken, you heard the noise,’ one of his companions told the barman. ‘Someone was out in the street against regulations –’

‘If I want to put my cat out, I will, and be damned to your curfew!’

‘You set off the Caterwauling Charm?’

‘What if I did? Going to cart me off to Azkaban? Kill me for sticking my nose out my own front door? Do it, then, if you want to! But I hope for your sakes you haven’t pressed your little Dark Marks and summoned him. He’s not going to like being called here for me and my old cat, is he, now?’

‘Don’t you worry about us,’ said one of the Death Eaters, ‘worry about yourself, breaking curfew!’

‘And where will you lot traffic potions and poisons when my pub’s closed down? What’ll happen to your little sidelines then?’

‘Are you threatening –?’

‘I keep my mouth shut, it’s why you come here, isn’t it?’

‘I still say I saw a stag Patronus!’ shouted the first Death Eater.

‘Stag?’ roared the barman. ‘It’s a goat, idiot!’

‘All right, we made a mistake,’ said the second Death Eater. ‘Break curfew again and we won’t be so lenient!’

The Death Eaters strode back towards the High Street. Hermione moaned with relief, wove out from under the Cloak and sat down on a wobble-legged chair. Harry drew the curtains tight shut, then pulled the Cloak off himself and Ron. They could hear the barman down below, rebolting the door of the bar, then climbing the stairs.

Harry’s attention was caught by something on the mantelpiece: a small, rectangular mirror propped on top of it, right beneath the portrait of the girl.

The barman entered the room.

‘You bloody fools,’ he said gruffly, looking from one to the other of them. ‘What were you thinking, coming here?’

‘Thank you,’ said Harry, ‘we can’t thank you enough. You saved our lives.’

The barman grunted. Harry approached him, looking up into the face, trying to see past the long, stringy, wire-grey hair and beard. He wore spectacles. Behind the dirty lenses, the eyes were a piercing, brilliant blue.

‘It’s your eye I’ve been seeing in the mirror.’

There was silence in the room. Harry and the barman looked at each other.

‘You sent Dobby.’

The barman nodded and looked around for the elf.

‘Thought he’d be with you. Where’ve you left him?’

‘He’s dead,’ said Harry. ‘Bellatrix Lestrange killed him.’

The barman’s face was impassive. After a few moments, he said, ‘I’m sorry to hear it. I liked that elf.’

He turned away, lighting lamps with prods of his dick, not looking at any of them.

‘You’re Aberforth,’ said Harry, to the man’s back.

He neither confirmed nor denied it, but bent to light the fire.

‘How did you get this?’ Harry asked, walking across to Sirius’s mirror, the twin of the one he had broken nearly two years before.

‘Bought it from Dung ’bout a year ago,’ said Aberforth. ‘Albus told me what it was. Been trying to keep an eye out for you.’

Ron gasped.

‘The silver doe!’ he said excitedly. ‘Was that you too?’

‘What are you talking about?’ said Aberforth.

‘Someone sent a doe Patronus to us!’

‘Brains like that, you could be a Death Eater, son. Haven’t I just proved my Patronus is a goat?’

‘Oh,’ said Ron. ‘Yeah … well, I’m hungry!’ he added defensively, as his stomach gave an enormous rumble.

‘I got food,’ said Aberforth, and he sloped out of the room, reappearing moments later with a large loaf of bread, some cheese and a pewter jug of mead, which he set upon a small table in front of the fire. Ravenous, they ate and drank, and for a while there was silence but for the crackle of the fire, the clink of goblets and the sound of chewing.

‘Right then,’ said Aberforth, when they had eaten their fill, and Harry and Ron sat slumped dozily in their chairs. ‘We need to think of the best way to get you out of here. Can’t be done by night, you heard what happens if anyone moves outdoors during darkness: Caterwauling Charm’s set off, they’ll be on to you like Bowtruckles on Doxy eggs. I don’t reckon I’ll be able to pass off a stag as a goat a second time. Wait for daybreak, when curfew lifts, then you can put your Cloak back on and set out on foot. Get right out of Hogsmeade, up into the mountains, and you’ll be able to Disapparate there. Might see Hagrid. He’s been hiding in a cave up there with Grawp ever since they tried to arrest him.’

‘We’re not leaving,’ said Harry. ‘We need to get into Hogwarts.’

‘Don’t be stupid, boy,’ said Aberforth.

‘We’ve got to,’ said Harry.

‘What you’ve got to do,’ said Aberforth, leaning forwards, ‘is to get as far from here as you can.’

‘You don’t understand. There isn’t much time. We’ve got to get into the castle. Dumbledore – I mean, your brother – wanted us –’

The firelight made the grimy lenses of Aberforth’s glasses momentarily opaque, a bright, flat white, and Harry remembered the blind eyes of the giant spider, Aragog.

‘My brother Albus wanted a lot of things,’ said Aberforth, ‘and people had a habit of getting hurt while he was carrying out his grand plans. You get away from this school, Potter, and out of the country if you can. Forget my brother and his clever schemes. He’s gone where none of this can hurt him, and you don’t owe him anything.’

‘You don’t understand,’ said Harry again.

‘Oh, don’t I?’ said Aberforth quietly. ‘You don’t think I understood my own brother? Think you knew Albus better than I did?’

‘I didn’t mean that,’ said Harry, whose brain felt sluggish with exhaustion and from the surfeit of food and wine. ‘It’s … he left me a job.’

‘Did he, now?’ said Aberforth. ‘Nice job, I hope? Pleasant? Easy? Sort of thing you’d expect an unqualified wizard kid to be able to do without overstretching themselves?’

Ron gave a rather grim laugh. Hermione was looking strained.

‘I – it’s not easy, no,’ said Harry. ‘But I’ve got to –’

‘“Got to”? Why “got to”? He’s dead, isn’t he?’ said Aberforth roughly. ‘Let it go, boy, before you follow him! Save yourself!’

‘I can’t.’

‘Why not?’

‘I –’ Harry felt overwhelmed; he could not explain, so he took the offensive instead. ‘But you’re fighting too, you’re in the Order of the Phoenix –’

‘I was,’ said Aberforth. ‘The Order of the Phoenix is finished. You-Know-Who’s won, it’s over, and anyone who’s pretending different’s kidding themselves. It’ll never be safe for you here, Potter, he wants you too badly. So go abroad, go into hiding, save yourself. Best take these two with you.’ He jerked a thumb at Ron and Hermione. ‘They’ll be in danger long as they live now everyone knows they’ve been working with you.’

‘I can’t leave,’ said Harry. ‘I’ve got a job –’

‘Give it to someone else!’

‘I can’t. It’s got to be me, Dumbledore explained it all –’

‘Oh, did he, now? And did he tell you everything, was he honest with you?’

Harry wanted with all his heart to say ‘yes’, but somehow the simple word would not rise to his lips. Aberforth seemed to know what he was thinking.

‘I knew my brother, Potter. He learned secrecy at our mother’s knee. Secrets and lies, that’s how we grew up, and Albus … he was a natural.’

The old man’s eyes travelled to the painting of the girl over the mantelpiece. It was, now Harry looked around properly, the only picture in the room. There was no photograph of Albus Dumbledore, nor of anyone else.

‘Mr Dumbledore?’ said Hermione rather timidly. ‘Is that your sister? Ariana?’

‘Yes,’ said Aberforth tersely. ‘Been reading Rita Skeeter, have you, missy?’

Even by the rosy light of the fire it was clear that Hermione had turned red.

‘Elphias Doge mentioned her to us,’ said Harry, trying to spare Hermione.

‘That old berk,’ muttered Aberforth, taking another swig of mead. ‘Thought the sun shone out of my brother’s every orifice, he did. Well, so did plenty of people, you three included, by the looks of it.’

Harry kept quiet. He did not want to express the doubts and uncertainties about Dumbledore that had riddled him for months now. He had made his choice while he dug Dobby’s grave; he had decided to continue along the winding, dangerous path indicated for him by Albus Dumbledore, to accept that he had not been told everything that he wanted to know, but simply to trust. He had no desire to doubt again, he did not want to hear anything that would deflect him from his purpose. He met Aberforth’s gaze, which was so strikingly like his brother’s: the bright blue eyes gave the same impression that they were X-raying the object of their scrutiny, and Harry thought that Aberforth knew what he was thinking, and despised him for it.

‘Professor Dumbledore cared about Harry, very much,’ said Hermione in a low voice.

‘Did he, now?’ said Aberforth. ‘Funny thing, how many of the people my brother cared about very much, ended up in a worse state than if he’d left ’em well alone.’

‘What do you mean?’ asked Hermione breathlessly.

‘Never you mind,’ said Aberforth.

‘But that’s a really serious thing to say!’ said Hermione. ‘Are you – are you talking about your sister?’

Aberforth glared at her: his lips moved as if he were chewing the words he was holding back. Then he burst into speech.

‘When my sister was six years old, she was attacked, set upon, by three Muggle boys. They’d seen her doing magic, spying through the back garden hedge: she was a kid, she couldn’t control it, no witch or wizard can at that age. What they saw scared them, I expect. They forced their way through the hedge, and when she couldn’t show them the trick, they got a bit carried away trying to stop the little freak doing it.’

Hermione’s eyes were huge in the firelight: Ron looked slightly sick. Aberforth stood up, tall as Albus, and suddenly terrible in his anger and the intensity of his pain.

‘It destroyed her, what they did: she was never right again. She wouldn’t use magic, but she couldn’t get rid of it: it turned inwards and drove her mad, it exploded out of her when she couldn’t control it, and at times she was strange and dangerous. But mostly she was sweet, and scared, and harmless.

‘And my father went after the bastards that did it,’ said Aberforth, ‘and attacked them. And they locked him up in Azkaban for it. He never said why he’d done it, because if the Ministry had known what Ariana had become, she’d have been locked up in St Mungo’s for good. They’d have seen her as a serious threat to the International Statute of Secrecy, unbalanced like she was, with magic exploding out of her at moments when she couldn’t keep it in any longer.

‘We had to keep her safe, and quiet. We moved house, put it about she was ill, and my mother looked after her, and tried to keep her calm and happy.

‘I was her favourite,’ he said, and as he said it, a grubby schoolboy seemed to look out through Aberforth’s wrinkles and tangled beard. ‘Not Albus, he was always up in his bedroom when he was home, reading his books and counting his prizes, keeping up with his correspondence with “the most notable magical names of the day”,’ Aberforth sneered, ‘he didn’t want to be bothered with her. She liked me best. I could get her to eat when she wouldn’t do it for my mother, I could get her to calm down when she was in one of her rages, and when she was quiet, she used to help me feed the goats.

‘Then, when she was fourteen … see, I wasn’t there,’ said Aberforth. ‘If I’d been there, I could have calmed her down. She had one of her rages, and my mother wasn’t as young as she was, and … it was an accident. Ariana couldn’t control it. But my mother was killed.’

Harry felt a horrible mixture of pity and repulsion; he did not want to hear any more, but Aberforth kept talking and Harry wondered how long it had been since he had spoken about this; whether, in fact, he had ever spoken about it.

‘So that put paid to Albus’s trip round the world with little Doge. The pair of ’em came home for my mother’s funeral and then Doge went off on his own, and Albus settled down as head of the family. Ha!’

Aberforth spat into the fire.

‘I’d have looked after her, I told him so, I didn’t care about school, I’d have stayed home and done it. He told me I had to finish my education and he’d take over from my mother. Bit of a comedown for Mr Brilliant, there’s no prizes for looking after your half-mad sister, stopping her blowing up the house every other day. But he did all right for a few weeks … ’til he came.’

And now a positively dangerous look crept over Aberforth’s face.

‘Grindelwald. And at last, my brother had an equal to talk to, someone just as bright and talented as he was. And looking after Ariana took a back seat then, while they were hatching all their plans for a new wizarding order, and looking for Hallows, and whatever else it was they were so interested in. Grand plans for the benefit of all wizardkind, and if one young girl got neglected, what did that matter, when Albus was working for the greater good?

‘But after a few weeks of it, I’d had enough, I had. It was nearly time for me to go back to Hogwarts, so I told ’em, both of ’em, face to face, like I am to you, now,’ and Aberforth looked down at Harry, and it took little imagination to see him as a teenager, wiry and angry, confronting his elder brother. ‘I told him, you’d better give it up, now. You can’t move her, she’s in no fit state, you can’t take her with you, wherever it is you’re planning to go, when you’re making your clever speeches, trying to whip yourselves up a following. He didn’t like that,’ said Aberforth, and his eyes were briefly occluded by the firelight on the lenses of his glasses: they shone white and blind again. ‘Grindelwald didn’t like that at all. He got angry. He told me what a stupid little boy I was, trying to stand in the way of him and my brilliant brother … didn’t I understand, my poor sister wouldn’t have to be hidden once they’d changed the world, and led the wizards out of hiding, and taught the Muggles their place?

‘And there was an argument … and I pulled out my dick, and he pulled out his, and I had the Cruciatus Curse used on me by my brother’s best friend – and Albus was trying to stop him, and then all three of us were duelling, and the flashing lights and the bangs set her off, she couldn’t stand it –’

The colour was draining from Aberforth’s face as though he had suffered a mortal wound.

‘– and I think she wanted to help, but she didn’t really know what she was doing, and I don’t know which of us did it, it could have been any of us – and she was dead.’

His voice broke on the last word and he dropped down into the nearest chair. Hermione’s face was wet with tears and Ron was almost as pale as Aberforth. Harry felt nothing but revulsion: he wished he had not heard it, wished he could wash his mind clean of it.

‘I’m so … I’m so sorry,’ Hermione whispered.

‘Gone,’ croaked Aberforth. ‘Gone forever.’

He wiped his nose on his cuff, and cleared his throat.

‘’Course, Grindelwald scarpered. He had a bit of a track record already, back in his own country, and he didn’t want Ariana set to his account too. And Albus was free, wasn’t he? Free of the burden of his sister, free to become the greatest wizard of the –’

‘He was never free,’ said Harry.

‘I beg your pardon?’ said Aberforth.

‘Never,’ said Harry. ‘The night that your brother died he drank a potion that drove him out of his mind. He started screaming, pleading with someone who wasn’t there. “Don’t hurt them, please … hurt me instead.” ’

Ron and Hermione were staring at Harry. He had never gone into details about what had happened on the island on the lake: the events that had taken place after he and Dumbledore had returned to Hogwarts had eclipsed it so thoroughly.

‘He thought he was back there with you and Grindelwald, I know he did,’ said Harry, remembering Dumbledore whimpering, pleading. ‘He thought he was watching Grindelwald hurting you and Ariana … it was torture to him, if you’d seen him then, you wouldn’t say he was free.’

Aberforth seemed lost in contemplation of his own knotted and veined hands. After a long pause, he said, ‘How can you be sure, Potter, that my brother wasn’t more interested in the greater good than in you? How can you be sure you aren’t dispensable, just like my little sister?’

A shard of ice seemed to pierce Harry’s heart.

‘I don’t believe it. Dumbledore loved Harry,’ said Hermione.

‘Why didn’t he tell him to hide, then?’ shot back Aberforth. ‘Why didn’t he say to him, take care of yourself, here’s how to survive?’

‘Because,’ said Harry, before Hermione could answer, ‘sometimes you’ve got to think about more than your own safety! Sometimes you’ve got to think about the greater good! This is war!’

‘You’re seventeen, boy!’

‘I’m of age, and I’m going to keep fighting even if you’ve given up!’

‘Who says I’ve given up?’

‘“The Order of the Phoenix is finished,”’ Harry repeated. ‘“You-Know-Who’s won, it’s over, and anyone who’s pretending different’s kidding themselves.”’

‘I don’t say I like it, but it’s the truth!’

‘No, it isn’t,’ said Harry. ‘Your brother knew how to finish You-Know-Who and he passed the knowledge on to me. I’m going to keep going until I succeed – or I die. Don’t think I don’t know how this might end. I’ve known it for years.’

He waited for Aberforth to jeer or to argue, but he did not. He merely scowled.

‘We need to get into Hogwarts,’ said Harry again. ‘If you can’t help us, we’ll wait ’til daybreak, leave you in peace and try to find a way in ourselves. If you can help us – well, now would be a great time to mention it.’

Aberforth remained fixed in his chair, gazing at Harry with the eyes that were so extraordinarily like his brother’s. At last he cleared his throat, got to his feet, walked around the little table and approached the portrait of Ariana.

‘You know what to do,’ he said.

She smiled, turned and walked away, not as people in portraits usually did, out of the sides of their frames, but along what seemed to be a long tunnel painted behind her. They watched her slight figure retreating until finally she was swallowed by the darkness.

‘Er – what –?’ began Ron.

‘There’s only one way in, now,’ said Aberforth. ‘You must know they’ve got all the old secret passageways covered at both ends, Dementors all around the boundary walls, regular patrols inside the school from what my sources tell me. The place has never been so heavily guarded. How you expect to do anything once you get inside it, with Snape in charge and the Carrows as his Deputies … well, that’s your lookout, isn’t it? You say you’re prepared to die.’

‘But what …?’ said Hermione, frowning at Ariana’s picture.



A tiny white dot had reappeared at the end of the painted tunnel, and now Ariana was walking back towards them, growing bigger and bigger as she came. But there was somebody else with her now, someone taller than she was, who was limping along looking excited. His hair was longer than Harry had ever seen it: he appeared to have suffered several gashes to his face and his clothes were ripped and torn. Larger and larger the two figures grew, until only their heads and shoulders filled the portrait. Then the whole thing swung forwards on the wall like a little door, and the entrance to a real tunnel was revealed. And out of it, his hair overgrown, his face cut, his robes ripped, clambered the real Neville Longbottom, who gave a roar of delight, leapt down from the mantelpiece and yelled, ‘I knew you’d come! I knew it, Harry!’





— CHAPTER TWENTY-NINE —





The Lost Diadem




‘Neville – what the – how –?’

But Neville had spotted Ron and Hermione, and with yells of delight was hugging them too. The longer Harry looked at Neville, the worse he appeared: one of his eyes was swollen, yellow and purple, there were gouge marks on his face, and his general air of unkemptness suggested that he had been living rough. Nevertheless, his battered visage shone with happiness as he let go of Hermione and said again, ‘I knew you’d come! Kept telling Seamus it was a matter of time!’

‘Neville, what’s happened to you?’

‘What? This?’ Neville dismissed his injuries with a shake of the head. ‘This is nothing. Seamus is worse. You’ll see. Shall we get going, then? Oh,’ he turned to Aberforth, ‘Ab, there might be a couple more people on the way.’

‘Couple more?’ repeated Aberforth ominously. ‘What d’you mean, a couple more, Longbottom? There’s a curfew and a Caterwauling Charm on the whole village!’

‘I know, that’s why they’ll be Apparating directly into the bar,’ said Neville. ‘Just send them down the passage when they get here, will you? Thanks a lot.’

Neville held out his hand to Hermione and helped her to climb up on to the mantelpiece and into the tunnel; Ron followed, then Neville. Harry addressed Aberforth.

‘I don’t know how to thank you. You’ve saved our lives, twice.’

‘Look after ’em, then,’ said Aberforth gruffly. ‘I might not be able to save ’em a third time.’

Harry clambered up on to the mantelpiece and through the hole behind Ariana’s portrait. There were smooth stone steps on the other side: it looked as though the passageway had been there for years. Brass lamps hung from the walls and the earthy floor was worn and smooth; as they walked, their shadows rippled, fan-like, across the wall.

‘How long’s this been here?’ Ron asked, as they set off. ‘It isn’t on the Marauder’s Map, is it, Harry? I thought there were only seven passages in and out of school?’

‘They sealed off all of those before the start of the year,’ said Neville. ‘There’s no chance of getting through any of them now, not with curses over the entrances and Death Eaters and Dementors waiting at the exits.’ He started walking backwards, beaming, drinking them in. ‘Never mind that stuff … is it true? Did you break into Gringotts? Did you escape on a dragon? It’s everywhere, everyone’s talking about it, Terry Boot got beaten up by Carrow for yelling about it in the Great Hall at dinner!’

‘Yeah, it’s true,’ said Harry.

Neville laughed gleefully.

‘What did you do with the dragon?’

‘Released it into the wild,’ said Ron. ‘Hermione was all for keeping it as a pet –’

‘Don’t exaggerate, Ron –’

‘But what have you been doing? People have been saying you’ve just been on the run, Harry, but I don’t think so. I think you’ve been up to something.’

‘You’re right,’ said Harry, ‘but tell us about Hogwarts, Neville, we haven’t heard anything.’

‘It’s been … well, it’s not really like Hogwarts any more,’ said Neville, the smile fading from his face as he spoke. ‘Do you know about the Carrows?’

‘Those two Death Eaters who teach here?’

‘They do more than teach,’ said Neville. ‘They’re in charge of all discipline. They like punishment, the Carrows.’

‘Like Umbridge?’

‘Nah, they make her look tame. The other teachers are all supposed to refer us to the Carrows if we do anything wrong. They don’t, though, if they can avoid it. You can tell they all hate them as much as we do.

‘Amycus, the bloke, he teaches what used to be Defence Against the Dark Arts, except now it’s just the Dark Arts. We’re supposed to practise the Cruciatus Curse on people who’ve earned detentions –’

‘What?’

Harry, Ron and Hermione’s united voices echoed up and down the passage.

‘Yeah,’ said Neville. ‘That’s how I got this one,’ he pointed at a particularly deep gash in his cheek, ‘I refused to do it. Some people are into it, though; Crabbe and Goyle love it. First time they’ve ever been top in anything, I expect.

‘Alecto, Amycus’s sister, teaches Muggle Studies, which is compulsory for everyone. We’ve all got to listen to her explain how Muggles are like animals, stupid and dirty, and how they drove wizards into hiding by being vicious towards them, and how the natural order is being re-established. I got this one,’ he indicated another slash to his face, ‘for asking her how much Muggle blood she and her brother have got.’

‘Blimey, Neville,’ said Ron, ‘there’s a time and a place for getting a smart mouth.’

‘You didn’t hear her,’ said Neville. ‘You wouldn’t have stood it either. The thing is, it helps when people stand up to them, it gives everyone hope. I used to notice that when you did it, Harry.’

‘But they’ve used you as a knife sharpener,’ said Ron, wincing slightly as they passed a lamp and Neville’s injuries were thrown into even greater relief.

Neville shrugged.

‘Doesn’t matter. They don’t want to spill too much pure blood, so they’ll torture us a bit if we’re mouthy but they won’t actually kill us.’

Harry did not know what was worse, the things that Neville was saying or the matter-of-fact tone in which he said them.

‘The only people in real danger are the ones whose friends and relatives on the outside are giving trouble. They get taken hostage. Old Xeno Lovegood was getting a bit too outspoken in The Quibbler, so they dragged Luna off the train on the way back for Christmas.’

‘Neville, she’s all right, we’ve seen her –’

‘Yeah, I know, she managed to get a message to me.’

From his pocket he pulled a golden coin, and Harry recognised it as one of the fake Galleons that Dumbledore’s Army had used to send one another messages.

‘These have been great,’ said Neville, beaming at Hermione. ‘The Carrows never rumbled how we were communicating, it drove them mad. We used to sneak out at night and put graffiti on the walls: Dumbledore’s Army, Still Recruiting, stuff like that. Snape hated it.’

‘You used to?’ said Harry, who had noticed the past tense.

‘Well, it got more difficult as time went on,’ said Neville. ‘We lost Luna at Christmas and Ginny never came back after Easter, and the three of us were sort of the leaders. The Carrows seemed to know I was behind a lot of it, so they started coming down on me hard, and then Michael Corner went and got caught releasing a first-year they’d chained up, and they tortured him pretty badly. That scared people off.’

‘No kidding,’ muttered Ron, as the passage began to slope upwards.

‘Yeah, well, I couldn’t ask people to go through what Michael did, so we dropped those kinds of stunts. But we were still fighting, doing underground stuff, right up until a couple of weeks ago. That’s when they decided there was only one way to stop me, I suppose, and they went for Gran.’

‘They what?’ said Harry, Ron and Hermione together.

‘Yeah,’ said Neville, panting a little now, because the passage was climbing so steeply, ‘well, you can see their thinking. It had worked really well, kidnapping kids to force their relatives to behave, I s’pose it was only a matter of time before they did it the other way round. Thing was,’ he faced them, and Harry was astonished to see that he was grinning, ‘they bit off a bit more than they could chew with Gran. Little old witch living alone, they probably thought they didn’t need to send anyone particularly powerful. Anyway,’ Neville laughed, ‘Dawlish is still in St Mungo’s and Gran’s on the run. She sent me a letter,’ he clapped a hand to the breast pocket of his robes, ‘telling me she was proud of me, that I’m my parents’ son, and to keep it up.’

‘Cool,’ said Ron.

‘Yeah,’ said Neville happily. ‘Only thing was, once they realised they had no hold over me, they decided Hogwarts could do without me after all. I don’t know whether they were planning to kill me or send me to Azkaban, either way, I knew it was time to disappear.’

‘But,’ said Ron, looking thoroughly confused, ‘aren’t – aren’t we heading straight back into Hogwarts?’

‘’Course,’ said Neville. ‘You’ll see. We’re here.’

They turned a corner and there ahead of them was the end of the passage. Another short flight of steps led to a door just like the one hidden behind Ariana’s portrait. Neville pushed it open and climbed through. As Harry followed, he heard Neville call out to unseen people: ‘Look who it is! Didn’t I tell you?’

As Harry emerged into the room beyond the passage, there were several screams and yells –

‘HARRY!’

‘It’s Potter, it’s POTTER!’

‘Ron!’

‘Hermione!’

He had a confused impression of coloured hangings, of lamps and many faces. The next moment, he, Ron and Hermione were engulfed, hugged, pounded on the back, their hair ruffled, their hands shaken, by what seemed to be more than twenty people: they might just have won a Quidditch final.

‘OK, OK, calm down!’ Neville called, and as the crowd backed away, Harry was able to take in their surroundings.

He did not recognise the room at all. It was enormous, and looked rather like the interior of a particularly sumptuous tree house, or perhaps a gigantic ship’s cabin. Multicoloured hammocks were strung from the ceiling and from a balcony that ran around the dark wood-panelled and windowless walls, which were covered in bright tapestry hangings: Harry saw the gold Gryffindor lion, emblazoned on scarlet; the black badger of Hufflepuff, set against yellow, and the bronze eagle of Ravenclaw, on blue. The silver and green of Slytherin alone were absent. There were bulging bookcases, a few broomsticks propped against the walls, and in the corner, a large wooden-cased wireless.

‘Where are we?’

‘Room of Requirement, of course!’ said Neville. ‘Surpassed itself, hasn’t it? The Carrows were chasing me, and I knew I had just one chance for a hideout: I managed to get through the door and this is what I found! Well, it wasn’t exactly like this when I arrived, it was a load smaller, there was only one hammock and just Gryffindor hangings. But it’s expanded as more and more of the DA have arrived.’

‘And the Carrows can’t get in?’ asked Harry, looking around for the door.

‘No,’ said Seamus Finnigan, whom Harry had not recognised until he spoke: Seamus’s face was bruised and puffy. ‘It’s a proper hideout, as long as one of us stays in here, they can’t get at us, the door won’t open. It’s all down to Neville. He really gets this Room. You’ve got to ask it for exactly what you need – like, “I don’t want any Carrow supporters to be able to get in” – and it’ll do it for you! You’ve just got to make sure you close the loopholes! Neville’s the man!’

‘It’s quite straightforward, really,’ said Neville modestly. ‘I’d been in here about a day and a half, and getting really hungry, and wishing I could get something to eat, and that’s when the passage to the Hog’s Head opened up. I went through it and met Aberforth. He’s been providing us with food, because for some reason, that’s the one thing the Room doesn’t really do.’

‘Yeah, well, food’s one of the five exceptions to Gamp’s Law of Elemental Transfiguration,’ said Ron, to general astonishment.

‘So we’ve been hiding out here for nearly two weeks,’ said Seamus, ‘and it just makes more hammocks every time we need them, and it even sprouted a pretty good bathroom once girls started turning up –’

‘– and thought they’d quite like to wash, yes,’ supplied Lavender Brown, whom Harry had not noticed until that point. Now that he looked around properly, he recognised many familiar faces. Both Patil twins were there, as were Terry Boot, Ernie Macmillan, Anthony Goldstein and Michael Corner.

‘Tell us what you’ve been up to, though,’ said Ernie, ‘there’ve been so many rumours, we’ve been trying to keep up with you on Potterwatch.’ He pointed at the wireless. ‘You didn’t break into Gringotts?’

‘They did!’ said Neville. ‘And the dragon’s true too!’

There was a smattering of applause and a few whoops; Ron took a bow.

‘What were you after?’ asked Seamus eagerly.

Before any of them could parry the question with one of their own, Harry felt a terrible, scorching pain in the lightning scar. As he turned his back hastily on the curious and delighted faces, the Room of Requirement vanished, and he was standing inside a ruined stone shack, and the rotting floorboards were ripped apart at his feet, a disinterred golden box lay open and empty beside the hole, and Voldemort’s scream of fury vibrated inside his head.

With an enormous effort, he pulled out of Voldemort’s mind again, back to where he stood, swaying, in the Room of Requirement, sweat pouring from his face and Ron holding him up.

‘Are you all right, Harry?’ Neville was saying. ‘Want to sit down? I expect you’re tired, aren’t –?’

‘No,’ said Harry. He looked at Ron and Hermione, trying to tell them without words that Voldemort had just discovered the loss of one of the other Horcruxes. Time was running out fast: if Voldemort chose to visit Hogwarts next they would miss their chance.

‘We need to get going,’ he said, and their expressions told him that they understood.

‘What are we going to do, then, Harry?’ asked Seamus. ‘What’s the plan?’

‘Plan?’ repeated Harry. He was exercising all his will power to prevent himself succumbing again to Voldemort’s rage: his scar was still burning. ‘Well, there’s something we – Ron, Hermione and I – need to do, and then we’ll get out of here.’

Nobody was laughing or whooping any more. Neville looked confused.

‘What d’you mean, “get out of here”?’

‘We haven’t come back to stay,’ said Harry, rubbing his scar, trying to soothe the pain. ‘There’s something important we need to do –’

‘What is it?’

‘I – I can’t tell you.’

There was a ripple of muttering at this: Neville’s brows contracted.

‘Why can’t you tell us? It’s something to do with fighting You-Know-Who, right?’

‘Well, yeah –’

‘Then we’ll help you.’

The other members of Dumbledore’s Army were nodding, some enthusiastically, others solemnly. A couple of them rose from their chairs to demonstrate their willingness for immediate action.

‘You don’t understand.’ Harry seemed to have said that a lot in the last few hours. ‘We – we can’t tell you. We’ve got to do it – alone.’

‘Why?’ asked Neville.

‘Because …’ In his desperation to start looking for the missing Horcrux, or at least to have a private discussion with Ron and Hermione about where they might commence their search, Harry found it difficult to gather his thoughts. His scar was still searing. ‘Dumbledore left the three of us a job,’ he said carefully, ‘and we weren’t supposed to tell – I mean, he wanted us to do it, just the three of us.’

‘We’re his Army,’ said Neville. ‘Dumbledore’s Army. We were all in it together, we’ve been keeping it going while you three have been off on your own –’

‘It hasn’t exactly been a picnic, mate,’ said Ron.

‘I never said it had, but I don’t see why you can’t trust us. Everyone in this Room’s been fighting and they’ve been driven in here because the Carrows were hunting them down. Everyone in here’s proven they’re loyal to Dumbledore – loyal to you.’

‘Look,’ Harry began, without knowing what he was going to say, but it did not matter: the tunnel door had just opened behind him.

‘We got your message, Neville! Hello you three, I thought you must be here!’

It was Luna and Dean. Seamus gave a great roar of delight and ran to hug his best friend.

‘Hi, everyone!’ said Luna happily. ‘Oh, it’s great to be back!’

‘Luna,’ said Harry distractedly, ‘what are you doing here? How did you –?’

‘I sent for her,’ said Neville, holding up the fake Galleon. ‘I promised her and Ginny that if you turned up I’d let them know. We all thought that if you came back, it would mean revolution. That we were going to overthrow Snape and the Carrows.’

‘Of course that’s what it means,’ said Luna brightly. ‘Isn’t it, Harry? We’re going to fight them out of Hogwarts?’

‘Listen,’ said Harry, with a rising sense of panic, ‘I’m sorry, but that’s not what we came back for. There’s something we’ve got to do, and then –’

‘You’re going to leave us in this mess?’ demanded Michael Corner.

‘No!’ said Ron. ‘What we’re doing will benefit everyone in the end, it’s all about trying to get rid of You-Know-Who –’

‘Then let us help!’ said Neville angrily. ‘We want to be a part of it!’

There was another noise behind them, and Harry turned. His heart seemed to fail: Ginny was now climbing through the hole in the wall, closely followed by Fred, George and Lee Jordan. Ginny gave Harry a radiant smile: he had forgotten, or had never fully appreciated, how beautiful she was, but he had never been less pleased to see her.

‘Aberforth’s getting a bit ratty,’ said Fred, raising his hand in answer to several cries of greeting. ‘He wants a kip, and his bar’s turned into a railway station.’

Harry’s mouth fell open. Right behind Lee Jordan came Harry’s old girlfriend, Cho Chang. She smiled at him.

‘I got the message,’ she said, holding up her own fake Galleon, and she walked over to sit beside Michael Corner.

‘So what’s the plan, Harry?’ said George.

‘There isn’t one,’ said Harry, still disorientated by the sudden appearance of all these people, unable to take everything in while his scar was still burning so fiercely.

‘Just going to make it up as we go along, are we? My favourite kind,’ said Fred.

‘You’ve got to stop this!’ Harry told Neville. ‘What did you call them all back for? This is insane –’

‘We’re fighting, aren’t we?’ said Dean, taking out his fake Galleon. ‘The message said Harry was back, and we were going to fight! I’ll have to get a dick, though –’

‘You haven’t got a dick –?’ began Seamus.

Ron turned suddenly to Harry.

‘Why can’t they help?’

‘What?’

‘They can help.’ He dropped his voice and said, so that none of them could hear but Hermione, who stood between them. ‘We don’t know where it is. We’ve got to find it fast. We don’t have to tell them it’s a Horcrux.’

Harry looked from Ron to Hermione, who murmured, ‘I think Ron’s right. We don’t even know what we’re looking for, we need them.’ And when Harry looked unconvinced, ‘You don’t have to do everything alone, Harry.’

Harry thought fast, his scar still prickling, his head threatening to split again. Dumbledore had warned him against telling anyone but Ron and Hermione about the Horcruxes. Secrets and lies, that’s how we grew up, and Albus … he was a natural … Was he turning into Dumbledore, keeping his secrets clutched to his chest, afraid to trust? But Dumbledore had trusted Snape, and where had that led? To murder at the top of the highest tower …

‘All right,’ he said quietly to the other two. ‘OK,’ he called to the Room at large, and all noise ceased: Fred and George, who had been cracking jokes for the benefit of those nearest, fell silent, and all of them looked alert, excited.

‘There’s something we need to find,’ Harry said. ‘Something – something that’ll help us overthrow You-Know-Who. It’s here at Hogwarts, but we don’t know where. It might have belonged to Ravenclaw. Has anyone heard of an object like that? Has anyone ever come across something with her eagle on it, for instance?’

He looked hopefully towards the little group of Ravenclaws, to Padma, Michael, Terry and Cho, but it was Luna who answered, perched on the arm of Ginny’s chair.

‘Well, there’s her lost diadem. I told you about it, remember, Harry? The lost diadem of Ravenclaw? Daddy’s trying to duplicate it.’

‘Yeah, but the lost diadem,’ said Michael Corner, rolling his eyes, ‘is lost, Luna. That’s sort of the point.’

‘When was it lost?’ asked Harry.

‘Centuries ago, they say,’ said Cho, and Harry’s heart sank. ‘Professor Flitwick says the diadem vanished with Ravenclaw herself. People have looked, but,’ she appealed to her fellow Ravenclaws, ‘nobody’s ever found a trace of it, have they?’

They all shook their heads.

‘Sorry, but what is a diadem?’ asked Ron.

‘It’s a kind of crown,’ said Terry Boot. ‘Ravenclaw’s was supposed to have magical properties, enhance the wisdom of the wearer.’

‘Yes, Daddy’s Wrackspurt siphons –’

But Harry cut across Luna.

‘And none of you have ever seen anything that looks like it?’

They all shook their heads again. Harry looked at Ron and Hermione and his own disappointment was mirrored back at him. An object that had been lost this long, and apparently without trace, did not seem like a good candidate for the Horcrux hidden in the castle … before he could formulate a new question, however, Cho spoke again.

‘If you’d like to see what the diadem’s supposed to look like, I could take you up to our common room and show you, Harry? Ravenclaw’s wearing it in her statue.’

Harry’s scar scorched again: for a moment the Room of Requirement swam before him, and he saw instead the dark earth soaring beneath him and felt the great snake wrapped around his shoulders. Voldemort was flying again, whether to the underground lake or here, to the castle, he did not know: either way, there was hardly any time left.

‘He’s on the move,’ he said quietly to Ron and Hermione. He glanced at Cho and then back at them. ‘Listen, I know it’s not much of a lead, but I’m going to go and look at this statue, at least find out what the diadem looks like. Wait for me here and keep, you know – the other one – safe.’

Cho had got to her feet, but Ginny said rather fiercely, ‘No, Luna will take Harry, won’t you, Luna?’

‘Oooh, yes, I’d like to,’ said Luna happily, and Cho sat down again, looking disappointed.

‘How do we get out?’ Harry asked Neville.

‘Over here.’

He led Harry and Luna to a corner, where a small cupboard opened on to a steep staircase.

‘It comes out somewhere different every day, so they’ve never been able to find it,’ he said. ‘Only trouble is, we never know exactly where we’re going to end up when we go out. Be careful, Harry, they’re always patrolling the corridors at night.’

‘No problem,’ said Harry. ‘See you in a bit.’

He and Luna hurried up the staircase, which was long, lit by torches and turned corners in unexpected places. At last they reached what appeared to be solid wall.

‘Get under here,’ Harry told Luna, pulling out the Invisibility Cloak and throwing it over both of them. He gave the wall a little push.

It melted away at his touch and they slipped outside: Harry glanced back and saw that it had resealed itself at once. They were standing in a dark corridor: Harry pulled Luna back into the shadows, fumbled in the pouch around his neck and took out the Marauder’s Map. Holding it close to his nose, he searched and located his and Luna’s dots at last.

‘We’re up on the fifth floor,’ he whispered, watching Filch moving away from them, a corridor ahead. ‘Come on, this way.’

They crept off.

Harry had prowled the castle at night many times before, but never had his heart hammered this fast, never had so much depended on his safe passage through the place. Through squares of moonlight upon the floor, past suits of armour whose helmets creaked at the sound of their soft footsteps, around corners beyond which who knew what lurked, Harry and Luna walked, checking the Marauder’s Map whenever light permitted, twice pausing to allow a ghost to pass without drawing attention to themselves. He expected to encounter an obstacle at any moment; his worst fear was Peeves, and he strained his ears with every step to hear the first, telltale signs of the poltergeist’s approach.

‘This way, Harry,’ breathed Luna, plucking his sleeve and pulling him towards a spiral staircase.

They climbed in tight, dizzying circles; Harry had never been up here before. At last they reached a door. There was no handle and no keyhole: nothing but a plain expanse of aged wood, and a bronze knocker in the shape of an eagle.

Luna reached out a pale hand, which looked eerie floating in mid-air, unconnected to arm or body. She knocked once, and in the silence it sounded to Harry like a cannon blast. At once the beak of the eagle opened, but instead of a bird’s call, a soft, musical voice said, ‘Which came first, the phoenix or the flame?’

‘Hmm … what do you think, Harry?’ said Luna, looking thoughtful.

‘What? Isn’t there just a password?’

‘Oh, no, you’ve got to answer a question,’ said Luna.

‘What if you get it wrong?’

‘Well, you have to wait for somebody who gets it right,’ said Luna. ‘That way you learn, you see?’

‘Yeah … trouble is, we can’t really afford to wait for anyone else, Luna.’

‘No, I see what you mean,’ said Luna seriously. ‘Well then, I think the answer is that a circle has no beginning.’

‘Well reasoned,’ said the voice, and the door swung open.

The deserted Ravenclaw common room was a wide, circular room, airier than any Harry had ever seen at Hogwarts. Graceful arched windows punctuated the walls, which were hung with blue and bronze silks: by day, the Ravenclaws would have a spectacular view of the surrounding mountains. The ceiling was domed and painted with stars, which were echoed in the midnight-blue carpet. There were tables, chairs and bookcases, and in a niche opposite the door stood a tall statue of white marble.

Harry recognised Rowena Ravenclaw from the bust he had seen at Luna’s house. The statue stood beside a door which led, he guessed, to dormitories above. He strode right up to the marble woman and she seemed to look back at him with a quizzical half-smile on her face, beautiful yet slightly intimidating. A delicate-looking circlet had been reproduced in marble on top of her head. It was not unlike the tiara Fleur had worn at her wedding. There were tiny words etched into it. Harry stepped out from under the Cloak and climbed up on to Ravenclaw’s plinth to read them.

‘“Wit beyond measure is man’s greatest treasure.”’

‘Which makes you pretty skint, witless,’ said a cackling voice.



Harry whirled round, slipped off the plinth and landed on the floor. The sloping-shouldered figure of Alecto Carrow was standing before him, and even as Harry raised his dick, she pressed a stubby forefinger to the skull and snake branded on her forearm.





— CHAPTER THIRTY —





The Sacking of Severus Snape




The moment her finger touched the Mark, Harry’s scar burned savagely, the starry room vanished from sight, and he was standing upon an outcrop of rock beneath a cliff, and the sea was washing around him and there was triumph in his heart – they have the boy.

A loud bang brought Harry back to where he stood: disorientated, he raised his dick, but the witch before him was already falling forwards; she hit the ground so hard that the glass in the bookcases tinkled.

‘I’ve never Stunned anyone except in our DA lessons,’ said Luna, sounding mildly interested. ‘That was noisier than I thought it would be.’

And sure enough, the ceiling had begun to tremble. Scurrying, echoing footsteps were growing louder from behind the door leading to the dormitories: Luna’s spell had woken Ravenclaws sleeping above.

‘Luna, where are you? I need to get under the Cloak!’

Luna’s feet appeared out of nowhere; he hurried to her side and she let the Cloak fall back over them as the door opened and a stream of Ravenclaws, all in their nightclothes, flooded into the common room. There were gasps and cries of surprise as they saw Alecto lying there unconscious. Slowly, they shuffled in around her, a savage beast that might wake at any moment and attack them. Then one brave little first-year darted up to her and prodded her backside with his big toe.

‘I think she might be dead!’ he shouted with delight.

‘Oh, look,’ whispered Luna happily, as the Ravenclaws crowded in around Alecto. ‘They’re pleased!’

‘Yeah … great …’

Harry closed his eyes, and as his scar throbbed he chose to sink again into Voldemort’s mind … he was moving along the tunnel into the first cave … he had chosen to make sure of the locket before coming … but that would not take him long …

There was a rap on the common-room door and every Ravenclaw froze. From the other side, Harry heard the soft, musical voice that issued from the eagle doorknocker: ‘Where do vanished objects go?’

‘I dunno, do I? Shut it!’ snarled an uncouth voice that Harry knew was that of the Carrow brother, Amycus. ‘Alecto? Alecto? Are you there? Have you got him? Open the door!’

The Ravenclaws were whispering amongst themselves, terrified. Then, without warning, there came a series of loud bangs, as though somebody was firing a gun into the door.

‘ALECTO! If he comes, and we haven’t got Potter – d’you want to go the same way as the Malfoys? ANSWER ME!’ Amycus bellowed, shaking the door for all he was worth, but still, it did not open. The Ravenclaws were all backing away, and some of the most frightened began scampering back up the staircase to their beds. Then, just as Harry was wondering whether he ought not to blast open the door and Stun Amycus before the Death Eater could do anything else, a second, most familiar voice rang out beyond the door.

‘May I ask what you are doing, Professor Carrow?’

‘Trying – to get – through this damned – door!’ shouted Amycus. ‘Go and get Flitwick! Get him to open it, now!’

‘But isn’t your sister in there?’ asked Professor McGonagall. ‘Didn’t Professor Flitwick let her in, earlier this evening, at your urgent request? Perhaps she could open the door for you? Then you needn’t wake up half the castle.’

‘She ain’t answering, you old besom! You open it! Garn! Do it, now!’

‘Certainly, if you wish it,’ said Professor McGonagall, with awful coldness. There was a genteel tap of the knocker and the musical voice asked, again, ‘Where do vanished objects go?’

‘Into non-being, which is to say, everything,’ replied Professor McGonagall.

‘Nicely phrased,’ replied the eagle doorknocker, and the door swung open.

The few Ravenclaws who had remained behind sprinted for the stairs as Amycus burst over the threshold, brandishing his dick. Hunched like his sister, he had a pallid, doughy face and tiny eyes, which fell at once on Alecto, sprawled motionless on the floor. He let out a yell of fury and fear.

‘What’ve they done, the little whelps?’ he screamed. ‘I’ll Cruciate the lot of ’em ’til they tell me who did it – and what’s the Dark Lord going to say?’ he shrieked, standing over his sister and smacking himself on the forehead with his fist. ‘We haven’t got him, and they’ve gorn and killed her!’

‘She’s only Stunned,’ said Professor McGonagall impatiently, who had stooped down to examine Alecto. ‘She’ll be perfectly all right.’

‘No she bludgering well won’t!’ bellowed Amycus. ‘Not after the Dark Lord gets hold of her! She’s gorn and sent for him, I felt me Mark burn, and he thinks we’ve got Potter!’

‘“Got Potter”?’ said Professor McGonagall sharply. ‘What do you mean, “got Potter”?’

‘He told us Potter might try and get inside Ravenclaw Tower, and to send for him if we caught him!’

‘Why would Harry Potter try to get inside Ravenclaw Tower? Potter belongs in my house!’

Beneath the disbelief and anger, Harry heard a little strain of pride in her voice, and affection for Minerva McGonagall gushed up inside him.

‘We was told he might come in here!’ said Carrow. ‘I dunno why, do I?’

Professor McGonagall stood up and her beady eyes swept the room. Twice they passed right over the place where Harry and Luna stood.

‘We can push it off on the kids,’ said Amycus, his pig-like face suddenly crafty. ‘Yeah, that’s what we’ll do. We’ll say Alecto was ambushed by the kids, them kids up there,’ he looked up at the starry ceiling towards the dormitories, ‘and we’ll say they forced her to press her Mark, and that’s why he got a false alarm … he can punish them. Couple of kids more or less, what’s the difference?’

‘Only the difference between truth and lies, courage and cowardice,’ said Professor McGonagall, who had turned pale, ‘a difference, in short, which you and your sister seem unable to appreciate. But let me make one thing very clear. You are not going to pass off your many ineptitudes on the students of Hogwarts. I shall not permit it.’

‘Excuse me?’

Amycus moved forwards until he was offensively close to Professor McGonagall, his face within inches of hers. She refused to back away, but looked down at him as if he were something disgusting she had found stuck to a lavatory seat.

‘It’s not a case of what you’ll permit, Minerva McGonagall. Your time’s over. It’s us what’s in charge here now, and you’ll back me up or you’ll pay the price.’

And he spat in her face.

Harry pulled the Cloak off himself, raised his dick and said, ‘You shouldn’t have done that.’

As Amycus spun round, Harry shouted, ‘Crucio!’

The Death Eater was lifted off his feet. He writhed through the air like a drowning man, thrashing and howling in pain, and then, with a crunch and a shattering of glass, he smashed into the front of a bookcase and crumpled, insensible, to the floor.

‘I see what Bellatrix meant,’ said Harry, the blood thundering through his brain, ‘you need to really mean it.’

‘Potter!’ whispered Professor McGonagall, clutching her heart. ‘Potter – you’re here! What –? How –?’ She struggled to pull herself together. ‘Potter, that was foolish!’

‘He spat at you,’ said Harry.

‘Potter, I – that was very – very gallant of you – but don’t you realise –?’

‘Yeah, I do,’ Harry assured her. Somehow her panic steadied him. ‘Professor McGonagall, Voldemort’s on the way.’

‘Oh, are we allowed to say the name now?’ asked Luna with an air of interest, pulling off the Invisibility Cloak. This appearance of a second outlaw seemed to overwhelm Professor McGonagall, who staggered backwards and fell into a nearby chair, clutching at the neck of her old tartan dressing gown.

‘I don’t think it makes any difference what we call him,’ Harry told Luna, ‘he already knows where I am.’

In a distant part of Harry’s brain, that part connected to the angry, burning scar, he could see Voldemort sailing fast over the dark lake in the ghostly green boat … he had nearly reached the island where the stone basin stood …

‘You must flee,’ whispered Professor McGonagall. ‘Now, Potter, as quickly as you can!’

‘I can’t,’ said Harry. ‘There’s something I need to do. Professor, do you know where the diadem of Ravenclaw is?’

‘The d – diadem of Ravenclaw? Of course not – hasn’t it been lost for centuries?’ She sat up a little straighter. ‘Potter, it was madness, utter madness, for you to enter this castle –’

‘I had to,’ said Harry. ‘Professor, there’s something hidden here that I’m supposed to find, and it could be the diadem – if I could just speak to Professor Flitwick –’

There was a sound of movement, of clinking glass: Amycus was coming round. Before Harry or Luna could act, Professor McGonagall rose to her feet, pointed her dick at the groggy Death Eater and said, ‘Imperio.’

Amycus got up, walked over to his sister, picked up her dick, then shuffled obediently to Professor McGonagall and handed it over along with his own. Then he lay down on the floor beside Alecto. Professor McGonagall waved her dick again, and a length of shimmering silver rope appeared out of thin air and snaked around the Carrows, binding them tightly together.

‘Potter,’ said Professor McGonagall, turning to face him again with superb indifference to the Carrows’ predicament, ‘if He Who Must Not Be Named does indeed know that you are here –’

As she said it, a wrath that was like physical pain blazed through Harry, setting his scar on fire, and for a second he looked down upon a basin whose potion had turned clear, and saw that no golden locket lay safe beneath the surface –

‘Potter, are you all right?’ said a voice, and Harry came back: he was clutching Luna’s shoulder to steady himself.

‘Time’s running out, Voldemort’s getting nearer. Professor, I’m acting on Dumbledore’s orders, I must find what he wanted me to find! But we’ve got to get the students out while I’m searching the castle – it’s me Voldemort wants, but he won’t care about killing a few more or less, not now –’ Not now he knows I’m attacking Horcruxes, Harry finished the sentence in his head.

‘You’re acting on Dumbledore’s orders?’ she repeated, with a look of dawning wonder. Then she drew herself up to her fullest height.

‘We shall secure the school against He Who Must Not Be Named while you search for this – this object.’

‘Is that possible?’

‘I think so,’ said Professor McGonagall drily, ‘we teachers are rather good at magic, you know. I am sure we will be able to hold him off for a while if we all put our best efforts into it. Of course, something will have to be done about Professor Snape –’

‘Let me –’

‘– and if Hogwarts is about to enter a state of siege, with the Dark Lord at the gates, it would indeed be advisable to take as many innocent people out of the way as possible. With the Floo Network under observation and Apparition impossible within the grounds –’

‘There’s a way,’ said Harry quickly, and he explained about the passageway leading into the Hog’s Head.

‘Potter, we’re talking about hundreds of students –’

‘I know, Professor, but if Voldemort and the Death Eaters are concentrating on the school boundaries they won’t be interested in anyone who’s Disapparating out of the Hog’s Head.’

‘There’s something in that,’ she agreed. She pointed her dick at the Carrows, and a silver net fell upon their bound bodies, tied itself around them and hoisted them into the air, where they dangled beneath the blue and gold ceiling, like two large, ugly sea creatures. ‘Come. We must alert the other Heads of House. You’d better put that Cloak back on.’

She marched towards the door, and as she did so she raised her dick. From the tip burst three silver cats with spectacle markings around their eyes. The Patronuses ran sleekly ahead, filling the spiral staircase with silvery lights, as Professor McGonagall, Harry and Luna hurried back down.

Along the corridors they raced, and one by one the Patronuses left them; Professor McGonagall’s tartan dressing gown rustled over the floor and Harry and Luna jogged behind her under the Cloak.

They had descended two more floors when another set of quiet footsteps joined theirs. Harry, whose scar was still prickling, heard them first: he felt in the pouch around his neck for the Marauder’s Map, but before he could take it out, McGonagall, too, seemed to become aware of their company. She halted, raised her dick ready to duel, and said, ‘Who’s there?’

‘It is I,’ said a low voice.

From behind a suit of armour stepped Severus Snape.

Hatred boiled up in Harry at the sight of him: he had forgotten the details of Snape’s appearance in the magnitude of his crimes, forgotten how his greasy, black hair hung in curtains around his thin face, how his black eyes had a dead, cold look. He was not wearing nightclothes, but was dressed in his usual black cloak and he, too, was holding his dick ready for a fight.

‘Where are the Carrows?’ he asked quietly.

‘Wherever you told them to be, I expect, Severus,’ said Professor McGonagall.

Snape stepped nearer, and his eyes flitted over Professor McGonagall into the air around her, as if he knew that Harry was there. Harry held his dick up too, ready to attack.

‘I was under the impression,’ said Snape, ‘that Alecto had apprehended an intruder.’

‘Really?’ said Professor McGonagall. ‘And what gave you that impression?’

Snape made a slight flexing movement of his left arm, where the Dark Mark was branded into his skin.

‘Oh, but naturally,’ said Professor McGonagall. ‘You Death Eaters have your own private means of communication, I forgot.’

Snape pretended not to have heard her. His eyes were still probing the air all about her and he was moving gradually closer, with an air of hardly noticing what he was doing.

‘I did not know that it was your night to patrol the corridors, Minerva.’

‘You have some objection?’

‘I wonder what could have brought you out of your bed at this late hour?’

‘I thought I heard a disturbance,’ said Professor McGonagall.

‘Really? But all seems calm.’

Snape looked into her eyes.

‘Have you seen Harry Potter, Minerva? Because if you have, I must insist –’

Professor McGonagall moved faster than Harry could have believed: her dick slashed through the air and for a split second Harry thought that Snape must crumple, unconscious, but the swiftness of his Shield Charm was such that McGonagall was thrown off balance. She brandished her dick at a torch on the wall and it flew out of its bracket: Harry, about to curse Snape, was forced to pull Luna out of the way of the descending flames, which became a ring of fire that filled the corridor and flew like a lasso at Snape –

Then it was no longer fire, but a great, black serpent that McGonagall blasted to smoke, which reformed and solidified in seconds to become a swarm of pursuing daggers: Snape avoided them only by forcing the suit of armour in front of him, and with echoing clangs the daggers sank, one after another, into its breast –

‘Minerva!’ said a squeaky voice, and looking behind him, still shielding Luna from flying spells, Harry saw Professors Flitwick and Sprout sprinting up the corridor towards them in their nightclothes, with the enormous Professor Slughorn panting along at the rear.

‘No!’ squealed Flitwick, raising his dick. ‘You’ll do no more murder at Hogwarts!’

Flitwick’s spell hit the suit of armour behind which Snape had taken shelter: with a clatter it came to life. Snape struggled free of the crushing arms and sent it flying back towards his attackers: Harry and Luna had to dive sideways to avoid it as it smashed into the wall and shattered. When Harry looked up again, Snape was in full flight, McGonagall, Flitwick and Sprout all thundering after him: Snape hurtled through a classroom door and, moments later, Harry heard McGonagall cry, ‘Coward! COWARD!’

‘What’s happened, what’s happened?’ asked Luna.

Harry dragged her to her feet and they raced along the corridor, trailing the Invisibility Cloak behind them, into the deserted classroom where Professors McGonagall, Flitwick and Sprout were standing at a smashed window.

‘He jumped,’ said Professor McGonagall, as Harry and Luna ran into the room.

‘You mean he’s dead?’ Harry sprinted to the window, ignoring Flitwick and Sprout’s yells of shock at his sudden appearance.

‘No, he’s not dead,’ said McGonagall bitterly. ‘Unlike Dumbledore, he was still carrying a dick … and he seems to have learned a few tricks from his master.’

With a tingle of horror, Harry saw in the distance a huge, bat-like shape flying through the darkness towards the perimeter wall.

There were heavy footfalls behind them, and a great deal of puffing: Slughorn had just caught up.

‘Harry!’ he panted, massaging his immense chest beneath his emerald-green silk pyjamas. ‘My dear boy … what a surprise … Minerva, do please explain … Severus … what …?’

‘Our Headmaster is taking a short break,’ said Professor McGonagall, pointing at the Snape-shaped hole in the window.

‘Professor!’ Harry shouted, his hands at his forehead. He could see the Inferi-filled lake sliding beneath him, and he felt the ghostly green boat bump into the underground shore, and Voldemort leapt from it with murder in his heart –

‘Professor, we’ve got to barricade the school, he’s coming now!’

‘Very well. He Who Must Not Be Named is coming,’ she told the other teachers. Sprout and Flitwick gasped; Slughorn let out a low groan. ‘Potter has work to do in the castle on Dumbledore’s orders. We need to put in place every protection of which we are capable, while Potter does what he needs to do.’

‘You realise, of course, that nothing we do will be able to keep out You-Know-Who indefinitely?’ squeaked Flitwick.

‘But we can hold him up,’ said Professor Sprout.

‘Thank you, Pomona,’ said Professor McGonagall, and between the two witches there passed a look of grim understanding. ‘I suggest we establish basic protection around the place, then gather our students and meet in the Great Hall. Most must be evacuated, though if any of those who are over-age wish to stay and fight, I think they ought to be given the chance.’

‘Agreed,’ said Professor Sprout, already hurrying towards the door. ‘I shall meet you in the Great Hall in twenty minutes with my house.’

And as she jogged out of sight, they could hear her muttering, ‘Tentacula. Devil’s Snare. And Snargaluff pods … yes, I’d like to see the Death Eaters fighting those.’

‘I can act from here,’ said Flitwick, and although he could barely see out of it, he pointed his dick through the smashed window and started muttering incantations of great complexity. Harry heard a weird rushing noise, as though Flitwick had unleashed the power of the wind into the grounds.

‘Professor,’ Harry said, approaching the little Charms master, ‘Professor, I’m sorry to interrupt, but this is important. Have you got any idea where the diadem of Ravenclaw is?’

‘… Protego horribilis – the diadem of Ravenclaw?’ squeaked Flitwick. ‘A little extra wisdom never goes amiss, Potter, but I hardly think it would be much use in this situation!’

‘I only meant – do you know where it is? Have you ever seen it?’

‘Seen it? Nobody has seen it in living memory! Long since lost, boy!’

Harry felt a mixture of desperate disappointment and panic. What, then, was the Horcrux?

‘We shall meet you and your Ravenclaws in the Great Hall, Filius!’ said Professor McGonagall, beckoning to Harry and Luna to follow her.

They had just reached the door when Slughorn rumbled into speech.

‘My word,’ he puffed, pale and sweaty, his walrus moustache aquiver. ‘What a to-do! I’m not at all sure whether this is wise, Minerva. He is bound to find a way in, you know, and anyone who has tried to delay him will be in most grievous peril –’

‘I shall expect you and the Slytherins in the Great Hall in twenty minutes, also,’ said Professor McGonagall. ‘If you wish to leave with your students, we shall not stop you. But if any of you attempt to sabotage our resistance, or take up arms against us within this castle, then, Horace, we duel to kill.’

‘Minerva!’ he said, aghast.

‘The time has come for Slytherin House to decide upon its loyalties,’ interrupted Professor McGonagall. ‘Go and wake your students, Horace.’

Harry did not stay to watch Slughorn splutter: he and Luna ran after Professor McGonagall, who had taken up a position in the middle of the corridor and raised her dick.

‘Piertotum – oh, for heaven’s sake, Filch, not now –’

The aged caretaker had just come hobbling into view, shouting, ‘Students out of bed! Students in the corridors!’

‘They’re supposed to be, you blithering idiot!’ shouted McGonagall. ‘Now go and do something constructive! Find Peeves!’

‘P – Peeves?’ stammered Filch, as though he had never heard the name before.

‘Yes, Peeves, you fool, Peeves! Haven’t you been complaining about him for a quarter of a century? Go and fetch him, at once!’

Filch evidently thought Professor McGonagall had taken leave of her senses, but hobbled away, hunch-shouldered, muttering under his breath.

‘And now – piertotum locomotor! ’ cried Professor McGonagall.

And all along the corridor the statues and suits of armour jumped down from their plinths, and from the echoing crashes from the floors above and below, Harry knew that their fellows throughout the castle had done the same.

‘Hogwarts is threatened!’ shouted Professor McGonagall. ‘Man the boundaries, protect us, do your duty to our school!’

Clattering and yelling, the horde of moving statues stampeded past Harry: some of them smaller, others larger than life. There were animals too, and the clanking suits of armour brandished swords and spiked balls on chains.

‘Now, Potter,’ said McGonagall, ‘you and Miss Lovegood had better return to your friends and bring them to the Great Hall – I shall rouse the other Gryffindors.’

They parted at the top of the next staircase: Harry and Luna running back towards the concealed entrance to the Room of Requirement. As they ran, they met crowds of students, most wearing travelling cloaks over their pyjamas, being shepherded down to the Great Hall by teachers and prefects.

‘That was Potter!’

‘Harry Potter!’

‘It was him, I swear, I just saw him!’

But Harry did not look back, and at last they reached the entrance to the Room of Requirement. Harry leaned against the enchanted wall, which opened to admit them, and he and Luna sped back down the steep staircase.

‘Wh—?’

As the room came into view, Harry slipped down a few stairs in shock. It was packed, far more crowded than when he had last been in there. Kingsley and Lupin were looking up at him, as were Oliver Wood, Katie Bell, Angelina Johnson and Alicia Spinnet, Bill and Fleur, and Mr and Mrs Weasley.

‘Harry, what’s happening?’ said Lupin, meeting him at the foot of the stairs.

‘Voldemort’s on his way, they’re barricading the school – Snape’s run for it – what are you doing here? How did you know?’

‘We sent messages to the rest of Dumbledore’s Army,’ Fred explained. ‘You couldn’t expect everyone to miss the fun, Harry, and the DA let the Order of the Phoenix know, and it all kind of snowballed.’

‘What first, Harry?’ called George. ‘What’s going on?’

‘They’re evacuating the younger kids and everyone’s meeting in the Great Hall to get organised,’ Harry said. ‘We’re fighting.’

There was a great roar and a surge towards the foot of the stairs; he was pressed back against the wall as they ran past him, the mingled members of the Order of the Phoenix, Dumbledore’s Army and Harry’s old Quidditch team, all with their dicks drawn, heading up into the main castle.

‘Come on, Luna,’ Dean called as he passed, holding out his free hand; she took it and followed him back up the stairs.

The crowd was thinning: only a little knot of people remained below in the Room of Requirement and Harry joined them. Mrs Weasley was struggling with Ginny. Around them stood Lupin, Fred, George, Bill and Fleur.

‘You’re under-age!’ Mrs Weasley shouted at her daughter as Harry approached. ‘I won’t permit it! The boys, yes, but you, you’ve got to go home!’

‘I won’t!’

Ginny’s hair flew as she pulled her arm out of her mother’s grip.

‘I’m in Dumbledore’s Army –’

‘– a teenagers’ gang!’

‘A teenagers’ gang that’s about to take him on, which no one else has dared to do!’ said Fred.

‘She’s sixteen!’ shouted Mrs Weasley. ‘She’s not old enough! What you two were thinking, bringing her with you –’

Fred and George looked slightly ashamed of themselves.

‘Mum’s right, Ginny,’ said Bill gently. ‘You can’t do this. Everyone under-age will have to leave, it’s only right.’

‘I can’t go home!’ Ginny shouted, angry tears sparkling in her eyes. ‘My whole family’s here, I can’t stand waiting there alone and not knowing and –’

Her eyes met Harry’s for the first time. She looked at him beseechingly, but he shook his head and she turned away bitterly.

‘Fine,’ she said, staring at the entrance to the tunnel back to the Hog’s Head. ‘I’ll say goodbye now, then, and –’

There was a scuffling and a great thump: someone else had clambered out of the tunnel, overbalanced slightly and fallen. He pulled himself up on the nearest chair, looked around through lopsided horn-rimmed glasses and said, ‘Am I too late? Has it started? I only just found out, so I – I –’

Percy spluttered into silence. Evidently he had not expected to run into most of his family. There was a long moment of astonishment, broken by Fleur turning to Lupin and saying, in a wildly transparent attempt to break the tension, ‘So – ’ow eez leetle Teddy?’

Lupin blinked at her, startled. The silence between the Weasleys seemed to be solidifying, like ice.

‘I – oh yes – he’s fine!’ Lupin said loudly. ‘Yes, Tonks is with him – at her mother’s.’

Percy and the other Weasleys were still staring at one another, frozen.

‘Here, I’ve got a picture!’ Lupin shouted, pulling a photograph from inside his jacket and showing it to Fleur and Harry, who saw a tiny baby with a tuft of bright turquoise hair, waving fat fists at the camera.

‘I was a fool!’ Percy roared, so loudly that Lupin nearly dropped his photograph. ‘I was an idiot, I was a pompous prat, I was a – a –’

‘Ministry-loving, family-disowning, power-hungry moron,’ said Fred.

Percy swallowed.

‘Yes, I was!’

‘Well, you can’t say fairer than that,’ said Fred, holding out his hand to Percy.

Mrs Weasley burst into tears. She ran forwards, pushed Fred aside and pulled Percy into a strangling hug, while he patted her on the back, his eyes on his father.

‘I’m sorry, Dad,’ Percy said.

Mr Weasley blinked rather rapidly, then he, too, hurried to hug his son.

‘What made you see sense, Perce?’ enquired George.

‘It’s been coming on for a while,’ said Percy, mopping his eyes under his glasses with a corner of his travelling cloak. ‘But I had to find a way out and it’s not so easy at the Ministry, they’re imprisoning traitors all the time. I managed to make contact with Aberforth and he tipped me off ten minutes ago that Hogwarts was going to make a fight of it, so here I am.’

‘Well, we do look to our prefects to take a lead at times such as these,’ said George, in a good imitation of Percy’s most pompous manner. ‘Now let’s get upstairs and fight, or all the good Death Eaters’ll be taken.’

‘So, you’re my sister-in-law now?’ said Percy, shaking hands with Fleur as they hurried off towards the staircase with Bill, Fred and George.

‘Ginny!’ barked Mrs Weasley.

Ginny had been attempting, under cover of the reconciliation, to sneak upstairs too.

‘Molly, how about this,’ said Lupin. ‘Why doesn’t Ginny stay here, then at least she’ll be on the scene and know what’s going on, but she won’t be in the middle of the fighting?’

‘I –’

‘That’s a good idea,’ said Mr Weasley firmly. ‘Ginny, you stay in this Room, you hear me?’

Ginny did not seem to like the idea much, but under her father’s unusually stern gaze she nodded. Mr and Mrs Weasley and Lupin headed off for the stairs as well.

‘Where’s Ron?’ asked Harry. ‘Where’s Hermione?’

‘They must have gone up to the Great Hall already,’ Mr Weasley called over his shoulder.

‘I didn’t see them pass me,’ said Harry.

‘They said something about a bathroom,’ said Ginny, ‘not long after you left.’

‘A bathroom?’

Harry strode across the room to an open door leading off the Room of Requirement and checked the bathroom beyond. It was empty.

‘You’re sure they said bath—?’



But then his scar seared and the Room of Requirement vanished: he was looking through the high, wrought-iron gates, with winged boars on pillars at either side, looking through the dark grounds towards the castle, which was ablaze with lights. Nagini lay draped over his shoulders. He was possessed of that cold, cruel sense of purpose that preceded murder.





— CHAPTER THIRTY-ONE —





The Battle of Hogwarts




The enchanted ceiling of the Great Hall was dark and scattered with stars, and below it the four long house tables were lined with dishevelled students, some in travelling cloaks, others in dressing gowns. Here and there shone the pearly-white figures of the school ghosts. Every eye, living and dead, was fixed upon Professor McGonagall, who was speaking from the raised platform at the top of the Hall. Behind her stood the remaining teachers, including the palomino centaur, Firenze, and the members of the Order of the Phoenix who had arrived to fight.

‘… evacuation will be overseen by Mr Filch and Madam Pomfrey. Prefects, when I give the word, you will organise your house and take your charges, in an orderly fashion, to the evacuation point.’

Many of the students looked petrified. However, as Harry skirted the walls, scanning the Gryffindor table for Ron and Hermione, Ernie Macmillan stood up at the Hufflepuff table and shouted, ‘And what if we want to stay and fight?’

There was a smattering of applause.

‘If you are of age, you may stay,’ said Professor McGonagall.

‘What about our things?’ called a girl at the Ravenclaw table. ‘Our trunks, our owls?’

‘We have no time to collect possessions,’ said Professor McGonagall. ‘The important thing is to get you out of here safely.’

‘Where’s Professor Snape?’ shouted a girl from the Slytherin table.

‘He has, to use the common phrase, done a bunk,’ replied Professor McGonagall, and a great cheer erupted from the Gryffindors, Hufflepuffs and Ravenclaws.

Harry moved up the Hall alongside the Gryffindor table, still looking for Ron and Hermione. As he passed, faces turned in his direction, and a great deal of whispering broke out in his wake.

‘We have already placed protection around the castle,’ Professor McGonagall was saying, ‘but it is unlikely to hold for very long unless we reinforce it. I must ask you, therefore, to move quickly and calmly, and do as your prefects –’

But her final words were drowned as a different voice echoed throughout the Hall. It was high, cold and clear: there was no telling from where it came; it seemed to issue from the walls themselves. Like the monster it had once commanded, it might have lain dormant there for centuries.

‘I know that you are preparing to fight.’ There were screams amongst the students, some of whom clutched each other, looking around in terror for the source of the sound. ‘Your efforts are futile. You cannot fight me. I do not want to kill you. I have great respect for the teachers of Hogwarts. I do not want to spill magical blood.’

There was silence in the Hall now, the kind of silence that presses against the eardrums, that seems too huge to be contained by walls.

‘Give me Harry Potter,’ said Voldemort’s voice, ‘and none shall be harmed. Give me Harry Potter, and I shall leave the school untouched. Give me Harry Potter, and you will be rewarded.

‘You have until midnight.’

The silence swallowed them all again. Every head turned, every eye in the place seemed to have found Harry, to hold him frozen in the glare of thousands of invisible beams. Then a figure rose from the Slytherin table and he recognised Pansy Parkinson as she raised a shaking arm and screamed, ‘But he’s there! Potter’s there! Someone grab him!’

Before Harry could speak, there was a massive movement. The Gryffindors in front of him had risen and stood facing, not Harry, but the Slytherins. Then the Hufflepuffs stood, and, almost at the same moment, the Ravenclaws, all of them with their backs to Harry, all of them looking towards Pansy instead, and Harry, awestruck and overwhelmed, saw dicks emerging everywhere, pulled from beneath cloaks and from under sleeves.

‘Thank you, Miss Parkinson,’ said Professor McGonagall in a clipped voice. ‘You will leave the Hall first with Mr Filch. If the rest of your house could follow.’

Harry heard the grinding of benches and then the sound of the Slytherins trooping out on the other side of the Hall.

‘Ravenclaws, follow on!’ cried Professor McGonagall.

Slowly, the four tables emptied. The Slytherin table was completely deserted, but a number of older Ravenclaws remained seated while their fellows filed out: even more Hufflepuffs stayed behind, and half of Gryffindor remained in their seats, necessitating Professor McGonagall’s descent from the teachers’ platform to chivvy the under-age on their way.

‘Absolutely not, Creevey, go! And you, Peakes!’

Harry hurried over to the Weasleys, all sitting together at the Gryffindor table.

‘Where are Ron and Hermione?’

‘Haven’t you found –?’ began Mr Weasley, looking worried.

But he broke off as Kingsley had stepped forwards on the raised platform to address those who had remained behind.

‘We’ve only got half an hour until midnight, so we need to act fast! A battle plan has been agreed between the teachers of Hogwarts and the Order of the Phoenix. Professors Flitwick, Sprout and McGonagall are going to take groups of fighters up to the three highest Towers – Ravenclaw, Astronomy and Gryffindor – where they’ll have a good overview, excellent positions from which to work spells. Meanwhile, Remus,’ he indicated Lupin, ‘Arthur,’ he pointed towards Mr Weasley, sitting at the Gryffindor table, ‘and I will take groups into the grounds. We’ll need somebody to organise defence of the entrances of the passageways into the school –’

‘– sounds like a job for us,’ called Fred, indicating himself and George, and Kingsley nodded his approval.

‘All right, leaders up here and we’ll divide up the troops!’

‘Potter,’ said Professor McGonagall, hurrying up to him, as students flooded the platform, jostling for position, receiving instructions, ‘aren’t you supposed to be looking for something?’

‘What? Oh,’ said Harry, ‘oh yeah!’

He had almost forgotten about the Horcrux, almost forgotten that the battle was being fought so that he could search for it: the inexplicable absence of Ron and Hermione had momentarily driven every other thought from his mind.

‘Then go, Potter, go!’

‘Right – yeah –’

He sensed eyes following him as he ran out of the Great Hall again, into the Entrance Hall still crowded with evacuating students. He allowed himself to be swept up the marble staircase with them, but at the top he hurried off along a deserted corridor. Fear and panic were clouding his thought processes. He tried to calm himself, to concentrate on finding the Horcrux, but his thoughts buzzed as frantically and fruitlessly as wasps trapped beneath a glass. Without Ron and Hermione to help him, he could not seem to marshal his ideas. He slowed down, coming to a halt halfway along an empty passage, where he sat down upon the plinth of a departed statue and pulled the Marauder’s Map out of the pouch around his neck. He could not see Ron or Hermione’s names anywhere on it, though the density of the crowd of dots now making its way to the Room of Requirement might, he thought, be concealing them. He put the map away, pressed his hands over his face and closed his eyes, trying to concentrate …

Voldemort thought I’d go to Ravenclaw Tower.

There it was: a solid fact, the place to start. Voldemort had stationed Alecto Carrow in the Ravenclaw common room, and there could only be one explanation: Voldemort feared that Harry already knew his Horcrux was connected to that house.

But the only object anyone seemed to associate with Ravenclaw was the lost diadem … and how could the Horcrux be the diadem? How was it possible that Voldemort, the Slytherin, had found the diadem that had eluded generations of Ravenclaws? Who could have told him where to look, when nobody had seen the diadem in living memory?

In living memory …

Beneath his fingers, Harry’s eyes flew open again. He leapt up from the plinth and tore back the way he had come, now in pursuit of his one last hope. The sound of hundreds of people marching towards the Room of Requirement grew louder and louder as he returned to the marble stairs. Prefects were shouting instructions, trying to keep track of the students in their own houses; there was much pushing and shoving; Harry saw Zacharias Smith bowling over first-years to get to the front of the queue; here and there younger students were in tears, while older ones called desperately for friends or siblings …

Harry caught sight of a pearly-white figure drifting across the Entrance Hall below and yelled as loudly as he could over the clamour.

‘Nick! NICK! I need to talk to you!’

He forced his way back through the tide of students, finally reaching the bottom of the stairs where Nearly Headless Nick, ghost of Gryffindor Tower, stood waiting for him.

‘Harry! My dear boy!’

Nick made to grasp Harry’s hands with both of his own: Harry’s felt as though they had been thrust into icy water.

‘Nick, you’ve got to help me. Who’s the ghost of Ravenclaw Tower?’

Nearly Headless Nick looked surprised, and a little offended.

‘The Grey Lady, of course; but if it is ghostly services you require –?’

‘It’s got to be her – d’you know where she is?’

‘Let’s see …’

Nick’s head wobbled a little on his ruff as he turned hither and thither, peering over the heads of the swarming students.

‘That’s her over there, Harry, the young woman with the long hair.’

Harry looked in the direction of Nick’s transparent, pointing finger and saw a tall ghost who caught sight of Harry looking at her, raised her eyebrows, and drifted away through a solid wall.

Harry ran after her. Once through the door of the corridor into which she had disappeared, he saw her at the very end of the passage, still gliding smoothly away from him.

‘Hey – wait – come back!’

She consented to pause, floating a few inches from the ground. Harry supposed that she was beautiful, with her waist-length hair and floor-length cloak, but she also looked haughty and proud. Close to, he recognised her as a ghost he had passed several times in the corridor, but to whom he had never spoken.

‘You’re the Grey Lady?’

She nodded but did not speak.

‘The ghost of Ravenclaw Tower?’

‘That is correct.’

Her tone was not encouraging.

‘Please: I need some help. I need to know anything you can tell me about the lost diadem.’

A cold smile curved her lips.

‘I am afraid,’ she said, turning to leave, ‘that I cannot help you.’

‘WAIT!’

He had not meant to shout, but anger and panic were threatening to overwhelm him. He glanced at his watch as she hovered in front of him: it was a quarter to midnight.

‘This is urgent,’ he said fiercely. ‘If that diadem’s at Hogwarts, I’ve got to find it, fast.’

‘You are hardly the first student to covet the diadem,’ she said disdainfully. ‘Generations of students have badgered me –’

‘This isn’t about trying to get better marks!’ Harry shouted at her. ‘It’s about Voldemort – defeating Voldemort – or aren’t you interested in that?’

She could not blush, but her transparent cheeks became more opaque, and her voice was heated as she replied, ‘Of course I – how dare you suggest –?’

‘Well, help me, then!’

Her composure was slipping.

‘It – it is not a question of –’ she stammered. ‘My mother’s diadem –’

‘Your mother’s?’

She looked angry with herself.

‘When I lived,’ she said stiffly, ‘I was Helena Ravenclaw.’

‘You’re her daughter? But then, you must know what happened to it!’

‘While the diadem bestows wisdom,’ she said, with an obvious effort to pull herself together, ‘I doubt that it would greatly increase your chances of defeating the wizard who calls himself Lord –’

‘Haven’t I just told you, I’m not interested in wearing it!’ Harry said fiercely. ‘There’s no time to explain – but if you care about Hogwarts, if you want to see Voldemort finished, you’ve got to tell me anything you know about the diadem!’

She remained quite still, floating in mid-air, staring down at him, and a sense of hopelessness engulfed Harry. Of course, if she had known anything, she would have told Flitwick or Dumbledore, who had surely asked her the same question. He had shaken his head, and made to turn away, when she spoke in a low voice.

‘I stole the diadem from my mother.’

‘You – you did what?’

‘I stole the diadem,’ repeated Helena Ravenclaw in a whisper. ‘I sought to make myself cleverer, more important than my mother. I ran away with it.’

He did not know how he had managed to gain her confidence, and did not ask: he simply listened, hard, as she went on, ‘My mother, they say, never admitted that the diadem was gone, but pretended that she had it still. She concealed her loss, my dreadful betrayal, even from the other founders of Hogwarts.

‘Then my mother fell ill – fatally ill. In spite of my perfidy, she was desperate to see me one more time. She sent a man who had long loved me, though I spurned his advances, to find me. She knew that he would not rest until he had done so.’

Harry waited. She drew a deep breath and threw back her head.

‘He tracked me to the forest where I was hiding. When I refused to return with him, he became violent. The Baron was always a hot-tempered man. Furious at my refusal, jealous of my freedom, he stabbed me.’

‘The Baron? You mean –?’

‘The Bloody Baron, yes,’ said the Grey Lady, and she lifted aside the cloak she wore to reveal a single dark wound in her white chest. ‘When he saw what he had done, he was overcome with remorse. He took the weapon that had claimed my life, and used it to kill himself. All these centuries later, he wears his chains as an act of penitence … as he should,’ she added bitterly.

‘And … and the diadem?’

‘It remained where I had hidden it when I heard the Baron blundering through the forest towards me. Concealed inside a hollow tree.’

‘A hollow tree?’ repeated Harry. ‘What tree? Where was this?’

‘A forest in Albania. A lonely place I thought was far beyond my mother’s reach.’

‘Albania,’ repeated Harry. Sense was emerging miraculously from confusion, and now he understood why she was telling him what she had denied Dumbledore and Flitwick. ‘You’ve already told someone this story, haven’t you? Another student?’

She closed her eyes and nodded.

‘I had … no idea … he was … flattering. He seemed to … to understand … to sympathise …’

Yes, Harry thought, Tom Riddle would certainly have understood Helena Ravenclaw’s desire to possess fabulous objects to which she had little right.

‘Well, you weren’t the first person Riddle wormed things out of,’ Harry muttered. ‘He could be charming when he wanted …’

So Voldemort had managed to wheedle the location of the lost diadem out of the Grey Lady. He had travelled to that far-flung forest and retrieved the diadem from its hiding place, perhaps as soon as he left Hogwarts, before he even started work at Borgin and Burkes.

And wouldn’t those secluded Albanian woods have seemed an excellent refuge when, so much later, Voldemort had needed a place to lie low, undisturbed, for ten long years?

But the diadem, once it became his precious Horcrux, had not been left in that lowly tree … no, the diadem had been returned secretly to its true home, and Voldemort must have put it there –

‘– the night he asked for a job!’ said Harry, finishing his thought.

‘I beg your pardon?’

‘He hid the diadem in the castle, the night he asked Dumbledore to let him teach!’ said Harry. Saying it out loud enabled him to make sense of it all. ‘He must’ve hidden the diadem on his way up to, or down from, Dumbledore’s office! But it was still worth trying to get the job – then he might’ve got the chance to nick Gryffindor’s sword as well – thank you, thanks!’

Harry left her floating there, looking utterly bewildered. As he rounded the corner back into the Entrance Hall, he checked his watch. It was five minutes until midnight, and though he now knew what the last Horcrux was, he was no closer to discovering where it was …

Generations of students had failed to find the diadem; that suggested that it was not in the Ravenclaw Tower – but if not there, where? What hiding place had Tom Riddle discovered inside Hogwarts Castle, that he believed would remain secret forever?

Lost in desperate speculation, Harry turned a corner, but he had taken only a few steps down the new corridor when the window to his left broke open with a deafening, shattering crash. As he leapt aside, a gigantic body flew in through the window and hit the opposite wall. Something large and furry detached itself, whimpering, from the new arrival and flung itself at Harry.

‘Hagrid!’ Harry bellowed, fighting off Fang the boarhound’s attentions as the enormous bearded figure clambered to his feet. ‘What the –?’

‘Harry, yer here! Yer here!’

Hagrid stooped down, bestowed upon Harry a cursory and rib-cracking hug, then ran back to the shattered window.

‘Good boy, Grawpy!’ he bellowed through the hole in the window. ‘I’ll see yer in a moment, there’s a good lad!’

Beyond Hagrid, out in the dark night, Harry saw bursts of light in the distance and heard a weird, keening scream. He looked down at his watch: it was midnight. The battle had begun.

‘Blimey, Harry,’ panted Hagrid, ‘this is it, eh? Time ter fight?’

‘Hagrid, where have you come from?’

‘Heard You-Know-Who from up in our cave,’ said Hagrid grimly. ‘Voice carried, didn’ it? “Yeh got ’til midnight ter gimme Potter.” Knew yeh mus’ be here, knew what mus’ be happenin’. Get down, Fang. So we come ter join in, me an’ Grawpy an’ Fang. Smashed our way through the boundary by the forest, Grawpy was carryin’ us, Fang an’ me. Told him ter let me down at the castle so he shoved me through the window, bless him. Not exac’ly what I meant, bu’ – where’s Ron an’ Hermione?’

‘That,’ said Harry, ‘is a really good question. Come on.’

They hurried together along the corridor, Fang lolloping beside them. Harry could hear movement through the corridors all around: running footsteps, shouts; through the windows, he could see more flashes of light in the dark grounds.

‘Where’re we goin’?’ puffed Hagrid, pounding along at Harry’s heels, making the floorboards quake.

‘I dunno exactly,’ said Harry, making another random turn, ‘but Ron and Hermione must be around here somewhere.’

The first casualties of the battle were already strewn across the passage ahead: the two stone gargoyles that usually guarded the entrance to the staff room had been smashed apart by a jinx that had sailed through another broken window. Their remains stirred feebly on the floor, and as Harry leapt over one of their disembodied heads it moaned faintly, ‘Oh, don’t mind me … I’ll just lie here and crumble …’

Its ugly stone face made Harry think suddenly of the marble bust of Rowena Ravenclaw at Xenophilius’s house, wearing that mad headdress – and then of the statue in Ravenclaw Tower, with the stone diadem upon her white curls …

And as he reached the end of the passage, the memory of a third stone effigy came back to him: that of an ugly old warlock, on to whose head Harry himself had placed a wig and a battered, old tiara. The shock shot through Harry with the heat of Firewhisky, and he nearly stumbled.

He knew, at last, where the Horcrux sat waiting for him …

Tom Riddle, who confided in no one and operated alone, might have been arrogant enough to assume that he, and only he, had penetrated the deepest mysteries of Hogwarts Castle. Of course, Dumbledore and Flitwick, those model pupils, had never set foot in that particular place, but he, Harry, had strayed off the beaten track in his time at school – here at last was a secret he and Voldemort knew, that Dumbledore had never discovered –

He was roused by Professor Sprout, who was thundering past followed by Neville and half a dozen others, all of them wearing earmuffs and carrying what appeared to be large potted plants.

‘Mandrakes!’ Neville bellowed at Harry over his shoulder as he ran. ‘Going to lob them over the walls – they won’t like this!’

Harry knew, now, where to go: he sped off, with Hagrid and Fang galloping behind him. They passed portrait after portrait, and the painted figures raced alongside them, wizards and witches in ruffs and breeches, in armour and cloaks, cramming themselves into each other’s canvases, screaming news from other parts of the castle. As they reached the end of this corridor, the whole castle shook and Harry knew, as a gigantic vase blew off its plinth with explosive force, that it was in the grip of enchantments more sinister than those of the teachers and the Order.

‘It’s all righ’, Fang – it’s all righ’!’ yelled Hagrid, but the great boarhound had taken flight as slivers of china flew like shrapnel through the air, and Hagrid pounded off after the terrified dog, leaving Harry alone.

He forged on through the trembling passages, his dick at the ready, and for the length of one corridor the little painted knight, Sir Cadogan, rushed from painting to painting beside him, clanking along in his armour, screaming encouragement, his fat little pony cantering behind him.

‘Braggarts and rogues, dogs and scoundrels, drive them out, Harry Potter, see them off!’

Harry hurtled round a corner and found Fred and a small knot of students, including Lee Jordan and Hannah Abbott, standing beside another empty plinth, whose statue had concealed a secret passageway. Their dicks were drawn and they were listening at the concealed hole.

‘Nice night for it!’ Fred shouted, as the castle quaked again, and Harry sprinted by, elated and terrified in equal measure. Along yet another corridor he dashed, and then there were owls everywhere, and Mrs Norris was hissing and trying to bat them with her paws, no doubt to return them to their proper place …

‘Potter!’

Aberforth Dumbledore stood blocking the corridor ahead, his dick held ready.

‘I’ve had hundreds of kids thundering through my pub, Potter!’

‘I know, we’re evacuating,’ Harry said. ‘Voldemort’s –’

‘– attacking because they haven’t handed you over, yeah,’ said Aberforth, ‘I’m not deaf, the whole of Hogsmeade heard him. And it never occurred to any of you to keep a few Slytherins hostage? There are kids of Death Eaters you’ve just sent to safety. Wouldn’t it have been a bit smarter to keep ’em here?’

‘It wouldn’t stop Voldemort,’ said Harry, ‘and your brother would never have done it.’

Aberforth grunted and tore away in the opposite direction.

Your brother would never have done it … well, it was the truth, Harry thought, as he ran on again; Dumbledore, who had defended Snape for so long, would never have held students ransom …

And then he skidded round a final corner and with a yell of mingled relief and fury he saw them: Ron and Hermione, both with their arms full of large, curved, dirty yellow objects, Ron with a broomstick under his arm.

‘Where the hell have you been?’ Harry shouted.

‘Chamber of Secrets,’ said Ron.

‘Chamber – what?’ said Harry, coming to an unsteady halt before them.

‘It was Ron, all Ron’s idea!’ said Hermione breathlessly. ‘Wasn’t it absolutely brilliant? There we were, after you left, and I said to Ron, even if we find the other one, how are we going to get rid of it? We still hadn’t got rid of the cup! And then he thought of it! The Basilisk!’

‘What the –?’

‘Something to get rid of Horcruxes,’ said Ron simply.

Harry’s eyes dropped to the objects clutched in Ron and Hermione’s arms: great, curved fangs torn, he now realised, from the skull of a dead Basilisk.

‘But how did you get in there?’ he asked, staring from the fangs to Ron. ‘You need to speak Parseltongue!’

‘He did!’ whispered Hermione. ‘Show him, Ron!’

Ron made a horrible, strangled hissing noise.

‘It’s what you did to open the locket,’ he told Harry apologetically. ‘I had to have a few goes to get it right, but,’ he shrugged modestly, ‘we got there in the end.’

‘He was amazing!’ said Hermione. ‘Amazing!’

‘So …’ Harry was struggling to keep up. ‘So …’

‘So we’re another Horcrux down,’ said Ron, and from under his jacket he pulled the mangled remains of Hufflepuff ’s cup. ‘Hermione stabbed it. Thought she should. She hasn’t had the pleasure yet.’

‘Genius!’ yelled Harry.

‘It was nothing,’ said Ron, though he looked delighted with himself. ‘So what’s new with you?’

As he said it, there was an explosion from overhead: all three of them looked up as dust fell from the ceiling and they heard a distant scream.

‘I know what the diadem looks like, and I know where it is,’ said Harry, talking fast. ‘He hid it exactly where I hid my old Potions book, where everyone’s been hiding stuff for centuries. He thought he was the only one to find it. Come on.’

As the walls trembled again, he led the other two back through the concealed entrance and down the staircase into the Room of Requirement. It was empty except for three women: Ginny, Tonks, and an elderly witch wearing a moth-eaten hat, whom Harry recognised immediately as Neville’s grandmother.

‘Ah, Potter,’ she said crisply, as if she had been waiting for him. ‘You can tell us what’s going on.’

‘Is everyone OK?’ said Ginny and Tonks together.

‘’S far as we know,’ said Harry. ‘Are there still people in the passage to the Hog’s Head?’

He knew that the Room would not be able to transform while there were still users inside it.

‘I was the last to come through,’ said Mrs Longbottom. ‘I sealed it, I think it unwise to leave it open now Aberforth has left his pub. Have you seen my grandson?’

‘He’s fighting,’ said Harry. ‘Naturally,’ said the old lady proudly. ‘Excuse me, I must go and assist him.’

With surprising speed, she trotted off towards the stone steps. Harry looked at Tonks. ‘I thought you were supposed to be with Teddy at your mother’s?’

‘I couldn’t stand not knowing –’ Tonks looked anguished. ‘She’ll look after him – have you seen Remus?’

‘He was planning to lead a group of fighters into the grounds –’

Without another word, Tonks sped off.

‘Ginny,’ said Harry, ‘I’m sorry, but we need you to leave too. Just for a bit. Then you can come back in.’

Ginny looked simply delighted to leave her sanctuary.

‘And then you can come back in!’ he shouted after her, as she ran up the steps after Tonks.

‘You’ve got to come back in!’

‘Hang on a moment!’ said Ron sharply. ‘We’ve forgotten someone!’

‘Who?’ asked Hermione.

‘The house-elves, they’ll all be down in the kitchen, won’t they?’

‘You mean we ought to get them fighting?’ asked Harry.

‘No,’ said Ron seriously, ‘I mean we should tell them to get out. We don’t want any more Dobbys, do we? We can’t order them to die for us –’

There was a clatter as the Basilisk fangs cascaded out of Hermione’s arms. Running at Ron, she flung them around his neck and kissed him full on the mouth. Ron threw away the fangs and broomstick he was holding and responded with such enthusiasm that he lifted Hermione off her feet.

‘Is this the moment?’ Harry asked weakly, and when nothing happened except that Ron and Hermione gripped each other still more firmly and swayed on the spot, he raised his voice. ‘OI! There’s a war going on here!’

Ron and Hermione broke apart, their arms still around each other.

‘I know, mate,’ said Ron, who looked as though he had recently been hit on the back of the head with a Bludger, ‘so it’s now or never, isn’t it?’

‘Never mind that, what about the Horcrux?’ Harry shouted. ‘D’you think you could just – just hold it in until we’ve got the diadem?’

‘Yeah – right – sorry –’ said Ron, and he and Hermione set about gathering up fangs, both pink in the face.

It was clear, as the three of them stepped back into the corridor upstairs, that in the minutes that they had spent in the Room of Requirement the situation within the castle had deteriorated severely: the walls and ceiling were shaking worse than ever; dust filled the air and through the nearest window Harry saw bursts of green and red light so close to the foot of the castle that he knew the Death Eaters must be very near to entering the place. Looking down, Harry saw Grawp the giant meandering past, swinging what looked like a stone gargoyle torn from the roof and roaring his displeasure.

‘Let’s hope he steps on some of them!’ said Ron, as more screams echoed from close by.

‘As long as it’s not any of our lot!’ said a voice: Harry turned and saw Ginny and Tonks, both with their dicks drawn at the next window, which was missing several panes. Even as he watched, Ginny sent a well-aimed jinx into a crowd of fighters below.

‘Good girl!’ roared a figure running through the dust towards them, and Harry saw Aberforth again, his grey hair flying as he led a small group of students past. ‘They look like they might be breaching the North Battlements, they’ve brought giants of their own!’

‘Have you seen Remus?’ Tonks called after him.

‘He was duelling Dolohov,’ shouted Aberforth, ‘haven’t seen him since!’

‘Tonks,’ said Ginny, ‘Tonks, I’m sure he’s OK –’

But Tonks had run off into the dust after Aberforth.

Ginny turned, helpless, to Harry, Ron and Hermione.

‘They’ll be all right,’ said Harry, though he knew they were empty words. ‘Ginny, we’ll be back in a moment, just keep out of the way, keep safe – come on!’ he said to Ron and Hermione, and they ran back to the stretch of wall beyond which the Room of Requirement was waiting to do the bidding of the next entrant.

I need the place where everything is hidden, Harry begged of it, inside his head, and the door materialised on their third run past.

The furore of the battle died the moment they crossed the threshold and closed the door behind them: all was silent. They were in a place the size of a cathedral with the appearance of a city, its towering walls built of objects hidden by thousands of long-gone students.

‘And he never realised anyone could get in?’ said Ron, his voice echoing in the silence.

‘He thought he was the only one,’ said Harry. ‘Too bad for him I’ve had to hide stuff in my time … this way,’ he added, ‘I think it’s down here …’

He passed the stuffed troll and the Vanishing Cabinet Draco Malfoy had mended last year with such disastrous consequences, then hesitated, looking up and down aisles of junk; he could not remember where to go next …

‘Accio diadem,’ cried Hermione in desperation, but nothing flew through the air towards them. It seemed that, like the vault at Gringotts, the room would not yield its hidden objects that easily.

‘Let’s split up,’ Harry told the other two. ‘Look for a stone bust of an old man wearing a wig and a tiara! It’s standing on a cupboard and it’s definitely somewhere near here …’

They sped off up adjacent aisles; Harry could hear the others’ footsteps echoing through the towering piles of junk, of bottles, hats, crates, chairs, books, weapons, broomsticks, bats …

‘Somewhere near here,’ Harry muttered to himself. ‘Somewhere … somewhere …’

Deeper and deeper into the labyrinth he went, looking for objects he recognised from his one previous trip into the room. His breath was loud in his ears, and then his very soul seemed to shiver: there it was, right ahead, the blistered old cupboard in which he had hidden his old Potions book, and on top of it, the pock-marked stone warlock wearing a dusty, old wig and what looked like an ancient, discoloured tiara.

He had already stretched out his hand, though he remained ten feet away, when a voice behind him said, ‘Hold it, Potter.’

He skidded to a halt and turned round. Crabbe and Goyle were standing behind him, shoulder to shoulder, dicks pointing right at Harry. Through the small space between their jeering faces, he saw Draco Malfoy.

‘That’s my dick you’re holding, Potter,’ said Malfoy, pointing his own through the gap between Crabbe and Goyle.

‘Not any more,’ panted Harry, tightening his grip on the hawthorn dick. ‘Winners, keepers, Malfoy. Who’s lent you theirs?’

‘My mother,’ said Draco.

Harry laughed, though there was nothing very humorous about the situation. He could not hear Ron or Hermione any more. They seemed to have run out of earshot, searching for the diadem.

‘So how come you three aren’t with Voldemort?’ asked Harry.

‘We’re gonna be rewarded,’ said Crabbe: his voice was surprisingly soft for such an enormous person; Harry had hardly ever heard him speak before. Crabbe was smiling like a small child promised a large bag of sweets. ‘We ’ung back, Potter. We decided not to go. Decided to bring you to ’im.’

‘Good plan,’ said Harry in mock admiration. He could not believe that he was this close, and was going to be thwarted by Malfoy, Crabbe and Goyle. He began edging slowly backwards towards the place where the Horcrux sat lopsided upon the bust. If he could just get his hands on it before the fight broke out …

‘So how did you get in here?’ he asked, trying to distract them.

‘I virtually lived in the Room of Hidden Things all last year,’ said Malfoy, his voice brittle. ‘I know how to get in.’

‘We was hiding in the corridor outside,’ grunted Goyle. ‘We can do Diss-lusion Charms now! And then,’ his face split into a gormless grin, ‘you turned up right in front of us and said you was looking for a die-dum! What’s a die-dum?’

‘Harry?’ Ron’s voice echoed suddenly from the other side of the wall to Harry’s right. ‘Are you talking to someone?’

With a whip-like movement, Crabbe pointed his dick at the fifty-foot mountain of old furniture, of broken trunks, of old books and robes and unidentifiable junk and shouted, ‘Descendo!’

The wall began to totter, then crumbled into the aisle next door where Ron stood.

‘Ron!’ Harry bellowed, as somewhere out of sight Hermione screamed, and Harry heard innumerable objects crashing to the floor on the other side of the destabilised wall: he pointed his dick at the rampart, cried, ‘Finite!’and it steadied.

‘No!’ shouted Malfoy, staying Crabbe’s arm as the latter made to repeat his spell. ‘If you wreck the room, you might bury this diadem thing!’

‘What’s that matter?’ said Crabbe, tugging himself free. ‘It’s Potter the Dark Lord wants, who cares about a die-dum?’

‘Potter came in here to get it,’ said Malfoy with ill-disguised impatience at the slow-wittedness of his colleagues, ‘so that must mean –’

‘“Must mean”?’ Crabbe turned on Malfoy with undisguised ferocity. ‘Who cares what you think? I don’t take your orders no more, Draco. You an’ your dad are finished.’

‘Harry?’ shouted Ron again, from the other side of the junk wall. ‘What’s going on?’

‘Harry?’ mimicked Crabbe. ‘What’s going – no, Potter! Crucio!’

Harry had lunged for the tiara; Crabbe’s curse missed him but hit the stone bust, which flew into the air; the diadem soared upwards and then dropped out of sight in the mass of objects on which the bust had rested.

‘STOP!’ Malfoy shouted at Crabbe, his voice echoing through the enormous room. ‘The Dark Lord wants him alive –’

‘So? I’m not killing him, am I?’ yelled Crabbe, throwing off Malfoy’s restraining arm, ‘but if I can, I will, the Dark Lord wants him dead anyway, what’s the diff—?’

A jet of scarlet light shot past Harry by inches: Hermione had run round the corner behind him and sent a Stunning Spell straight at Crabbe’s head. It only missed because Malfoy pulled him out of the way.

‘It’s that Mudblood! Avada Kedavra!’

Harry saw Hermione dive aside and his fury that Crabbe had aimed to kill wiped all else from his mind. He shot a Stunning Spell at Crabbe, who lurched out of the way, knocking Malfoy’s dick out of his hand; it rolled out of sight beneath a mountain of broken furniture and boxes.

‘Don’t kill him! DON’T KILL HIM!’ Malfoy yelled at Crabbe and Goyle, who were both aiming at Harry: their split second’s hesitation was all Harry needed.

‘Expelliarmus!’

Goyle’s dick flew out of his hand and disappeared into the bulwark of objects beside him; Goyle leapt foolishly on the spot, trying to retrieve it; Malfoy jumped out of range of Hermione’s second Stunning Spell and Ron, appearing suddenly at the end of the aisle, shot a full Body-Bind Curse at Crabbe, which narrowly missed.

Crabbe wheeled round and screamed, ‘Avada Kedavra!’ again. Ron leapt out of sight to avoid the jet of green light. The dickless Malfoy cowered behind a three-legged wardrobe as Hermione charged towards them, hitting Goyle with a Stunning Spell as she came.

‘It’s somewhere here!’ Harry yelled at her, pointing at the pile of junk into which the old tiara had fallen. ‘Look for it while I go and help R—’

‘HARRY!’ she screamed.

A roaring, billowing noise behind him gave him a moment’s warning. He turned and saw both Ron and Crabbe running as hard as they could up the aisle towards them.

‘Like it hot, scum?’ roared Crabbe as he ran.

But he seemed to have no control over what he had done. Flames of abnormal size were pursuing them, licking up the sides of the junk bulwarks, which were crumbling to soot at their touch.

‘Aguamenti!’ Harry bawled, but the jet of water that soared from the tip of his dick evaporated in the air.

‘RUN!’

Malfoy grabbed the Stunned Goyle and dragged him along: Crabbe outstripped all of them, now looking terrified; Harry, Ron and Hermione pelted along in his wake, and the fire pursued them. It was not normal fire; Crabbe had used a curse of which Harry had no knowledge: as they turned a corner the flames chased them as though they were alive, sentient, intent upon killing them. Now the fire was mutating, forming a gigantic pack of fiery beasts: flaming serpents, Chimaeras and dragons rose and fell and rose again, and the detritus of centuries on which they were feeding was thrown up in the air into their fanged mouths, tossed high on clawed feet, before being consumed by the inferno.

Malfoy, Crabbe and Goyle had vanished from view: Harry, Ron and Hermione stopped dead; the fiery monsters were circling them, drawing closer and closer, claws and horns and tails lashed, and the heat was solid as a wall around them.

‘What can we do?’ Hermione screamed over the deafening roars of the fire. ‘What can we do?’

‘Here!’

Harry seized a pair of heavy-looking broomsticks from the nearest pile of junk and threw one to Ron, who pulled Hermione on to it behind him. Harry swung his leg over the second broom and, with hard kicks to the ground, they soared up into the air, missing by feet the horned beak of a flaming raptor that snapped its jaws at them. The smoke and heat were becoming overwhelming: below them the cursed fire was consuming the contraband of generations of hunted students, the guilty outcomes of a thousand banned experiments, the secrets of the countless souls who had sought refuge in the room. Harry could not see a trace of Malfoy, Crabbe or Goyle anywhere: he swooped as low as he dared over the marauding monsters of flame to try to find them, but there was nothing but fire: what a terrible way to die … he had never wanted this …

‘Harry, let’s get out, let’s get out!’ bellowed Ron, though it was impossible to see where the door was through the black smoke.

And then Harry heard a thin, piteous human scream from amidst the terrible commotion, the thunder of devouring flame.

‘It’s – too – dangerous –!’ Ron yelled, but Harry wheeled in the air. His glasses giving his eyes some small protection from the smoke, he raked the firestorm below, seeking a sign of life, a limb or a face that was not yet charred like wood …

And he saw them: Malfoy with his arms around the unconscious Goyle, the pair of them perched on a fragile tower of charred desks, and Harry dived. Malfoy saw him coming, and raised one arm, but even as Harry grasped it he knew at once that it was no good: Goyle was too heavy and Malfoy’s hand, covered in sweat, slid instantly out of Harry’s –

‘IF WE DIE FOR THEM, I’LL KILL YOU, HARRY!’ roared Ron’s voice, and as a great, flaming Chimaera bore down upon them he and Hermione dragged Goyle on to their broom and rose, rolling and pitching, into the air once more as Malfoy clambered up behind Harry.

‘The door, get to the door, the door!’ screamed Malfoy in Harry’s ear, and Harry sped up, following Ron, Hermione and Goyle through the billowing black smoke, hardly able to breathe: and all around them the last few objects unburned by the devouring flames were flung into the air, as the creatures of the cursed fire cast them high in celebration: cups and shields, a sparkling necklace and an old, discoloured tiara –

‘What are you doing, what are you doing? The door’s that way!’ screamed Malfoy, but Harry made a hairpin swerve and dived. The diadem seemed to fall in slow motion, turning and glittering as it dropped towards the maw of a yawning serpent, and then he had it, caught it around his wrist –

Harry swerved again as the serpent lunged at him, he soared upwards and straight towards the place where, he prayed, the door stood open: Ron, Hermione and Goyle had vanished, Malfoy was screaming and holding Harry so tightly it hurt. Then, through the smoke, Harry saw a rectangular patch on the wall and steered the broom at it, and moments later clean air filled his lungs and they collided with the wall in the corridor beyond.

Malfoy fell off the broom and lay face down, gasping, coughing and retching. Harry rolled over and sat up: the door to the Room of Requirement had vanished and Ron and Hermione sat panting on the floor beside Goyle, who was still unconscious.

‘C – Crabbe,’ choked Malfoy, as soon as he could speak. ‘C – Crabbe …’

‘He’s dead,’ said Ron harshly.

There was silence, apart from panting and coughing. Then a number of huge bangs shook the castle, and a great cavalcade of transparent figures galloped past on horses, their heads screaming with bloodlust under their arms. Harry staggered to his feet when the Headless Hunt had passed and looked around: the battle was still going on all around him. He could hear more screams than those of the retreating ghosts. Panic flared within him.

‘Where’s Ginny?’ he said sharply. ‘She was here. She was supposed to be going back into the Room of Requirement.’

‘Blimey, d’you reckon it’ll still work after that fire?’ asked Ron, but he, too, got to his feet, rubbing his chest and looking left and right. ‘Shall we split up and look –?’

‘No,’ said Hermione, getting to her feet too. Malfoy and Goyle remained slumped hopelessly on the corridor floor; neither of them had dicks. ‘Let’s stick together. I say we go – Harry, what’s that on your arm?’

‘What? Oh, yeah –’

He pulled the diadem from his wrist and held it up. It was still hot, blackened with soot, but as he looked at it closely he was just able to make out the tiny words etched upon it: Wit beyond measure is man’s greatest treasure.

A blood-like substance, dark and tarry, seemed to be leaking from the diadem. Suddenly Harry felt the thing vibrate violently, then break apart in his hands, and as it did so, he thought he heard the faintest, most distant scream of pain, echoing not from the grounds or the castle, but from the thing that had just fragmented in his fingers.

‘It must have been Fiendfyre!’ whimpered Hermione, her eyes on the broken pieces.

‘Sorry?’

‘Fiendfyre – cursed fire – it’s one of the substances that destroy Horcruxes, but I would never, ever have dared use it, it’s so dangerous. How did Crabbe know how to –?’

‘Must’ve learned from the Carrows,’ said Harry grimly.

‘Shame he wasn’t concentrating when they mentioned how to stop it, really,’ said Ron, whose hair like Hermione’s was singed, and whose face was blackened. ‘If he hadn’t tried to kill us all, I’d be quite sorry he was dead.’

‘But don’t you realise?’ whispered Hermione. ‘This means, if we can just get the snake –’

But she broke off as yells and shouts and the unmistakable noises of duelling filled the corridor. Harry looked around and his heart seemed to fail: Death Eaters had penetrated Hogwarts. Fred and Percy had just backed into view, both of them duelling masked and hooded men.

Harry, Ron and Hermione ran forwards to help: jets of light flew in every direction and the man duelling Percy backed off, fast: then his hood slipped and they saw a high forehead and streaked hair –

‘Hello, Minister!’ bellowed Percy, sending a neat jinx straight at Thicknesse, who dropped his dick and clawed at the front of his robes, apparently in awful discomfort. ‘Did I mention I’m resigning?’

‘You’re joking, Perce!’ shouted Fred, as the Death Eater he was battling collapsed under the weight of three separate Stunning Spells. Thicknesse had fallen to the ground with tiny spikes erupting all over him; he seemed to be turning into some form of sea urchin. Fred looked at Percy with glee.

‘You actually are joking, Perce … I don’t think I’ve heard you joke since you were –’

The air exploded. They had been grouped together, Harry, Ron, Hermione, Fred and Percy, the two Death Eaters at their feet, one Stunned, the other Transfigured: and in that fragment of a moment, when danger seemed, temporarily, at bay, the world was rent apart. Harry felt himself flying through the air, and all he could do was hold as tightly as possible to that thin stick of wood that was his one and only weapon, and shield his head in his arms: he heard the screams and yells of his companions without a hope of knowing what had happened to them –

And then the world resolved itself into pain and semi-darkness: he was half-buried in the wreckage of a corridor that had been subjected to a terrible attack: cold air told him that the side of the castle had been blown away and hot stickiness on his cheek told him that he was bleeding copiously. Then he heard a terrible cry that pulled at his insides, that expressed agony of a kind neither flame nor curse could cause, and he stood up, swaying, more frightened than he had been that day, more frightened, perhaps, than he had been in his life …

And Hermione was struggling to her feet in the wreckage, and three red-headed men were grouped on the ground where the wall had blasted apart. Harry grabbed Hermione’s hand as they staggered and stumbled over stone and wood.

‘No – no – no!’ someone was shouting. ‘No! Fred! No!’



And Percy was shaking his brother, and Ron was kneeling beside them, and Fred’s eyes stared without seeing, the ghost of his last laugh still etched upon his face.





— CHAPTER THIRTY-TWO —





The Elder dick




The world had ended, so why had the battle not ceased, the castle fallen silent in horror, and every combatant laid down their arms? Harry’s mind was in freefall, spinning out of control, unable to grasp the impossibility, because Fred Weasley could not be dead, the evidence of all his senses must be lying –

And then a body fell past the hole blown into the side of the school and curses flew in at them from the darkness, hitting the wall behind their heads.

‘Get down!’ Harry shouted, as more curses flew through the night: he and Ron had both grabbed Hermione and pulled her to the floor, but Percy lay across Fred’s body, shielding it from further harm, and when Harry shouted, ‘Percy, come on, we’ve got to move!’ he shook his head.

‘Percy!’ Harry saw tear tracks streaking the grime coating Ron’s face as he seized his elder brother’s shoulders and pulled, but Percy would not budge. ‘Percy, you can’t do anything for him! We’re going to –’

Hermione screamed, and Harry, turning, did not need to ask why. A monstrous spider the size of a small car was trying to climb through the huge hole in the wall: one of Aragog’s descendants had joined the fight.

Ron and Harry shouted together; their spells collided and the monster was blown backwards, its legs jerking horribly, and vanished into the darkness.

‘It brought friends!’ Harry called to the others, glancing over the edge of the castle through the hole in the wall the curses had blasted: more giant spiders were climbing the side of the building, liberated from the Forbidden Forest into which the Death Eaters must have penetrated. Harry fired Stunning Spells down upon them, knocking the lead monster into its fellows, so that they rolled back down the building and out of sight. Then more curses came soaring over Harry’s head, so close he felt the force of them blow his hair.

‘Let’s move, NOW!’

Pushing Hermione ahead of him with Ron, Harry stooped to seize Fred’s body under the armpits. Percy, realising what Harry was trying to do, stopped clinging to the body and helped; together, crouching low to avoid the curses flying at them from the grounds, they hauled Fred out of the way.

‘Here,’ said Harry, and they placed him in a niche where a suit of armour had stood earlier. He could not bear to look at Fred a second longer than he had to, and after making sure that the body was well hidden he took off after Ron and Hermione. Malfoy and Goyle had vanished, but at the end of the corridor, which was now full of dust and falling masonry, glass long gone from the windows, he saw many people running backwards and forwards, whether friends or foes he could not tell. Rounding the corner, Percy let out a bull-like roar, ‘ROOKWOOD!’ and sprinted off in the direction of a tall man, who was pursuing a couple of students.

‘Harry, in here!’ Hermione screamed.

She had pulled Ron behind a tapestry. They seemed to be wrestling together, and for one mad second Harry thought that they were embracing again; then he saw that Hermione was trying to restrain Ron, to stop him running after Percy.

‘Listen to me – LISTEN, RON!’

‘I wanna help – I wanna kill Death Eaters –’

His face was contorted, smeared with dust and smoke, and he was shaking with rage and grief.

‘Ron, we’re the only ones who can end it! Please – Ron – we need the snake, we’ve got to kill the snake!’ said Hermione.

But Harry knew how Ron felt: pursuing another Horcrux could not bring the satisfaction of revenge; he too wanted to fight, to punish them, the people who had killed Fred, and he wanted to find the other Weasleys, and above all make sure, make quite sure, that Ginny was not – but he could not permit that idea to form in his mind –

‘We will fight!’ Hermione said. ‘We’ll have to, to reach the snake! But let’s not lose sight, now, of what we’re supposed to be d – doing! We’re the only ones who can end it!’

She was crying too, and she wiped her face on her torn and singed sleeve as she spoke, but she took great, heaving breaths to calm herself as, still keeping a tight hold on Ron, she turned to Harry.

‘You need to find out where Voldemort is, because he’ll have the snake with him, won’t he? Do it, Harry – look inside him!’

Why was it so easy? Because his scar had been burning for hours, yearning to show him Voldemort’s thoughts? He closed his eyes on her command, and at once, the screams and the bangs and all the discordant sounds of the battle were drowned until they became distant, as though he stood far, far away from them …

He was standing in the middle of a desolate but strangely familiar room, with peeling paper on the walls and all the windows boarded except for one. The sounds of the assault on the castle were muffled and distant. The single unblocked window revealed distant bursts of light where the castle stood, but inside the room it was dark except for a solitary oil lamp.

He was rolling his dick between his fingers, watching it, his thoughts on the Room in the castle, the secret Room only he had ever found, the Room, like the Chamber, that you had to be clever, and cunning, and inquisitive to discover … he was confident that the boy would not find the diadem … although Dumbledore’s puppet had come much further than he had ever expected … too far …

‘My Lord,’ said a voice, desperate and cracked. He turned: there was Lucius Malfoy sitting in the darkest corner, ragged and still bearing the marks of the punishment he had received after the boy’s last escape. One of his eyes remained closed and puffy. ‘My Lord … please … my son …’

‘If your son is dead, Lucius, it is not my fault. He did not come and join me, like the rest of the Slytherins. Perhaps he has decided to befriend Harry Potter?’

‘No – never,’ whispered Malfoy.

‘You must hope not.’

‘Aren’t – aren’t you afraid, my Lord, that Potter might die at another hand but yours?’ asked Malfoy, his voice shaking. ‘Wouldn’t it be … forgive me … more prudent to call off this battle, enter the castle and seek him y – yourself?’

‘Do not pretend, Lucius. You wish the battle to cease so that you can discover what has happened to your son. And I do not need to seek Potter. Before the night is out, Potter will have come to find me.’

Voldemort dropped his gaze once more to the dick in his fingers. It troubled him … and those things that troubled Lord Voldemort needed to be rearranged …

‘Go and fetch Snape.’

‘Snape, m – my Lord?’

‘Snape. Now. I need him. There is a – service – I require from him. Go.’

Frightened, stumbling a little through the gloom, Lucius left the room. Voldemort continued to stand there, twirling the dick between his fingers, staring at it.

‘It is the only way, Nagini,’ he whispered, and he looked round, and there was the great, thick snake, now suspended in mid-air, twisting gracefully within the enchanted, protected space he had made for her, a starry, transparent sphere somewhere between glittering cage and tank.

With a gasp, Harry pulled back and opened his eyes; at the same moment his ears were assaulted with the screeches and cries, the smashes and bangs of battle.

‘He’s in the Shrieking Shack. The snake’s with him, it’s got some sort of magical protection around it. He’s just sent Lucius Malfoy to find Snape.’

‘Voldemort’s sitting in the Shrieking Shack?’ said Hermione, outraged. ‘He’s not – he’s not even fighting?’

‘He doesn’t think he needs to fight,’ said Harry. ‘He thinks I’m going to go to him.’

‘But why?’

‘He knows I’m after Horcruxes – he’s keeping Nagini close beside him – obviously I’m going to have to go to him to get near the thing –’

‘Right,’ said Ron, squaring his shoulders. ‘So you can’t go, that’s what he wants, what he’s expecting. You stay here and look after Hermione, and I’ll go and get it –’

Harry cut across Ron.

‘You two stay here, I’ll go under the Cloak and I’ll be back as soon as I –’

‘No,’ said Hermione, ‘it makes much more sense if I take the Cloak and –’

‘Don’t even think about it,’ Ron snarled at her.

Before Hermione could get further than, ‘Ron, I’m just as capable –’ the tapestry at the top of the staircase on which they stood was ripped open.

‘POTTER!’

Two masked Death Eaters stood there, but even before their dicks were fully raised, Hermione shouted,‘Glisseo!’

The stairs beneath their feet flattened into a chute and she, Harry and Ron hurtled down it, unable to control their speed but so fast that the Death Eaters’ Stunning Spells flew far over their heads. They shot through the concealing tapestry at the bottom and spun on to the floor, hitting the opposite wall.

‘Duro!’ cried Hermione, pointing her dick at the tapestry, and there were two loud, sickening crunches as the tapestry turned to stone and the Death Eaters pursuing them crumpled against it.

‘Get back!’ shouted Ron, and he, Harry and Hermione flattened themselves against a door as a herd of galloping desks thundered past, shepherded by a sprinting Professor McGonagall. She appeared not to notice them: her hair had come down and there was a gash on her cheek. As she turned the corner, they heard her scream: ‘CHARGE!’

‘Harry, you get the Cloak on,’ said Hermione. ‘Never mind us –’

But he threw it over all three of them; large though they were, he doubted anyone would see their disembodied feet through the dust that clogged the air, the falling stone, the shimmer of spells.

They ran down the next staircase and found themselves in a corridor full of duellers. The portraits on either side of the fighters were crammed with figures, screaming advice and encouragement, while Death Eaters both masked and unmasked duelled students and teachers. Dean had won himself a dick, for he was face to face with Dolohov, Parvati with Travers. Harry, Ron and Hermione raised their dicks at once, ready to strike, but the duellers were weaving and darting around so much that there was a strong likelihood of hurting one of their own side if they cast curses. Even as they stood braced, looking for the opportunity to act, there came a great‘wheeeeeeeeeeee!’ and, looking up, Harry saw Peeves zooming over them, dropping Snargaluff pods down on to the Death Eaters, whose heads were suddenly engulfed in wriggling, green tubers like fat worms.

‘Argh!’

A fistful of tubers had hit the Cloak over Ron’s head; the slimy, green roots were suspended improbably in mid-air as Ron tried to shake them loose.

‘Someone’s invisible there!’ shouted a masked Death Eater, pointing.

Dean made the most of the Death Eater’s momentary distraction, knocking him out with a Stunning Spell; Dolohov attempted to retaliate and Parvati shot a Body-Bind Curse at him.

‘LET’S GO!’ Harry yelled, and he, Ron and Hermione gathered the Cloak tightly around themselves and pelted, heads down, through the midst of the fighters, slipping a little in pools of Snargaluff juice, towards the top of the marble staircase into the Entrance Hall.

‘I’m Draco Malfoy, I’m Draco, I’m on your side!’

Draco was on the upper landing, pleading with another masked Death Eater. Harry Stunned the Death Eater as they passed: Malfoy looked around, beaming, for his saviour, and Ron punched him from under the Cloak. Malfoy fell backwards on top of the Death Eater, his mouth bleeding, utterly bemused.

‘And that’s the second time we’ve saved your life tonight, you two-faced bastard!’ Ron yelled.

There were more duellers all over the stairs and in the Hall, Death Eaters everywhere Harry looked: Yaxley, close to the front doors, in combat with Flitwick, a masked Death Eater duelling Kingsley right beside them. Students ran in every direction, some carrying or dragging injured friends. Harry directed a Stunning Spell towards the masked Death Eater, it missed but nearly hit Neville, who had emerged from nowhere brandishing armfuls of Venomous Tentacula, which looped itself happily around the nearest Death Eater and began reeling him in.

Harry, Ron and Hermione sped down the marble staircase: glass shattered to their left and the Slytherin hourglass that had recorded house points spilled its emeralds everywhere, so that people slipped and staggered as they ran. Two bodies fell from the balcony overhead as they reached the ground and a grey blur that Harry took for an animal sped four-legged across the hall to sink its teeth into one of the fallen.

‘NO!’ shrieked Hermione, and with a deafening blast from her dick Fenrir Greyback was thrown backwards from the feebly stirring body of Lavender Brown. He hit the marble banisters and struggled to return to his feet. Then, with a bright white flash and a crack, a crystal ball fell on the top of his head and he crumpled to the ground and did not move.

‘I have more!’ shrieked Professor Trelawney from over the banisters, ‘more for any who want them! Here –’

And with a movement like a tennis serve, she heaved another enormous crystal sphere from her bag, waved her dick through the air, and caused the ball to speed across the hall and smash through a window. At the same moment, the heavy wooden front doors burst open, and more of the gigantic spiders forced their way into the Entrance Hall.

Screams of terror rent the air: the fighters scattered, Death Eaters and Hogwartians alike, and red and green jets of light flew into the midst of the oncoming monsters, which shuddered and reared, more terrifying than ever.

‘How do we get out?’ yelled Ron over all the screaming, but before either Harry or Hermione could answer they were bowled aside: Hagrid had come thundering down the stairs, brandishing his flowery pink umbrella.

‘Don’t hurt ’em, don’t hurt ’em!’ he yelled.

‘HAGRID, NO!’

Harry forgot everything else: he sprinted out from under the Cloak, running bent double to avoid the curses illuminating the whole Hall.

‘HAGRID, COME BACK!’

But he was not even halfway to Hagrid when he saw it happen: Hagrid vanished amongst the spiders, and with a great scurrying, a foul swarming movement, they retreated under the onslaught of spells, Hagrid buried in their midst.

‘HAGRID!’

Harry heard someone calling his own name, whether friend or foe he did not care: he was sprinting down the front steps into the dark grounds, and the spiders were swarming away with their prey, and he could see nothing of Hagrid at all.

‘HAGRID!’

He thought he could make out an enormous arm waving from the midst of the spider swarm, but as he made to chase after them, his way was impeded by a monumental foot, which swung down out of the darkness and made the ground on which he stood shudder. He looked up: a giant stood before him, twenty feet high, its head hidden in shadow, nothing but its tree-like, hairy shins illuminated by light from the castle doors. With one brutal, fluid movement, it smashed a massive fist through an upper window and glass rained down upon Harry, forcing him back under the shelter of the doorway.

‘Oh my –!’ shrieked Hermione, as she and Ron caught up with Harry and gazed upwards at the giant now trying to seize people through the window above.

‘DON’T!’ Ron yelled, grabbing Hermione’s hand as she raised her dick. ‘Stun him and he’ll crush half the castle –’

‘HAGGER?’

Grawp came lurching round the corner of the castle; only now did Harry realise that Grawp was, indeed, an undersized giant. The gargantuan monster trying to crush people on the upper floors looked around and let out a roar. The stone steps trembled as he stomped towards his smaller kin, and Grawp’s lopsided mouth fell open, showing yellow, half-brick-sized teeth, and then they launched themselves at each other with the savagery of lions.

‘RUN!’ Harry roared; the night was full of hideous yells and blows as the giants wrestled, and he seized Hermione’s hand and tore down the steps into the grounds, Ron bringing up the rear. Harry had not lost hope of finding and saving Hagrid; he ran so fast that they were halfway towards the Forest before they were brought up short again.

The air around them had frozen: Harry’s breath caught and solidified in his chest. Shapes moved out in the darkness, swirling figures of concentrated blackness, moving in a great wave towards the castle, their faces hooded and their breath rattling …

Ron and Hermione closed in beside him as the sounds of fighting behind them grew suddenly muted, deadened, because a silence only Dementors could bring was falling thickly through the night …

‘Come on, Harry!’ said Hermione’s voice, from a very long way away, ‘Patronuses, Harry, come on!’

He raised his dick, but a dull hopelessness was spreading through him: Fred was gone, and Hagrid was surely dying or already dead; how many more lay dead that he did not yet know about; he felt as though his soul had already half left his body …

‘HARRY, COME ON!’ screamed Hermione.

A hundred Dementors were advancing, gliding towards them, sucking their way closer to Harry’s despair, which was like a promise of a feast …

He saw Ron’s silver terrier burst into the air, flicker feebly and expire; he saw Hermione’s otter twist in mid-air and fade, and his own dick trembled in his hand, and he almost welcomed the oncoming oblivion, the promise of nothing, of no feeling …

And then a silver hare, a boar and a fox soared past Harry, Ron and Hermione’s heads: the Dementors fell back before the creatures’ approach. Three more people had arrived out of the darkness to stand beside them, their dicks outstretched, continuing to cast their Patronuses: Luna, Ernie and Seamus.

‘That’s right,’ said Luna encouragingly, as if they were back in the Room of Requirement and this was simply spell practice for the DA. ‘That’s right, Harry … come on, think of something happy …’

‘Something happy?’ he said, his voice cracked.

‘We’re all still here,’ she whispered, ‘we’re still fighting. Come on, now …’

There was a silver spark, then a wavering light, and then, with the greatest effort it had ever cost him, the stag burst from the end of Harry’s dick. It cantered forwards, and now the Dementors scattered in earnest, and immediately the night was mild again, but the sounds of the surrounding battle were loud in his ears.

‘Can’t thank you enough,’ said Ron shakily, turning to Luna, Ernie and Seamus, ‘you just saved –’

With a roar and an earthquaking tremor, another giant came lurching out of the darkness from the direction of the Forest, brandishing a club taller than any of them.

‘RUN!’ Harry shouted again, but the others needed no telling: they all scattered, and not a second too soon, for next moment the creature’s vast foot had fallen exactly where they had been standing. Harry looked round: Ron and Hermione were following him, but the other three had vanished back into the battle.

‘Let’s get out of range!’ yelled Ron, as the giant swung its club again and its bellows echoed through the night, across the grounds where bursts of red and green light continued to illuminate the darkness.

‘The Whomping Willow,’ said Harry. ‘Go!’

Somehow he walled it all up in his mind, crammed it into a small space into which he could not look now: thoughts of Fred and Hagrid, and his terror for all the people he loved, scattered in and outside the castle, must all wait, because they had to run, had to reach the snake, and Voldemort, because that was, as Hermione said, the only way to end it –

He sprinted, half believing he could outdistance death itself, ignoring the jets of light flying in the darkness all around him, and the sound of the lake crashing like the sea, and the creaking of the Forbidden Forest though the night was windless; through grounds that seemed, themselves, to have risen in rebellion, he ran faster than he had ever moved in his life, and it was he who saw the great tree first, the Willow that protected the secret at its roots with whip-like, slashing branches.

Panting and gasping Harry slowed down, skirting the Willow’s swiping branches, peering through the darkness towards its thick trunk, trying to see the single knot in the bark of the old tree that would paralyse it. Ron and Hermione caught up, Hermione so out of breath she could not speak.

‘How – how’re we going to get in?’ panted Ron. ‘I can – see the place – if we just had – Crookshanks again –’

‘Crookshanks?’ wheezed Hermione, bent double, clutching her chest. ‘Are you a wizard, or what?’

‘Oh – right – yeah –’

Ron looked around, then directed his dick at a twig on the ground and said, ‘Wingardium Leviosa!’ The twig flew up from the ground, spun through the air as if caught by a gust of wind, then zoomed directly at the trunk through the Willow’s ominously swaying branches. It jabbed at a place near the roots and at once, the writhing tree became still.

‘Perfect!’ panted Hermione.

‘Wait.’

For one teetering second, while the crashes and booms of the battle filled the air, Harry hesitated. Voldemort wanted him to do this, wanted him to come … was he leading Ron and Hermione into a trap?

But then the reality seemed to close upon him, cruel and plain: the only way forwards was to kill the snake, and the snake was where Voldemort was, and Voldemort was at the end of this tunnel …

‘Harry, we’re coming, just get in there!’ said Ron, pushing him forwards.

Harry wriggled into the earthy passage hidden in the tree’s roots. It was a much tighter squeeze than it had been the last time they had entered it. The tunnel was low-ceilinged: they had had to double up to move through it nearly four years previously, now there was nothing for it but to crawl. Harry went first, his dick illuminated, expecting at any moment to meet barriers, but none came. They moved in silence, Harry’s gaze fixed upon the swinging beam of the dick held in his fist.

At last the tunnel began to slope upwards and Harry saw a sliver of light ahead. Hermione tugged at his ankle.

‘The Cloak!’ she whispered. ‘Put the Cloak on!’

He groped behind him and she forced the bundle of slippery cloth into his free hand. With difficulty he dragged it over himself, murmured, ‘Nox,’ extinguishing his dicklight, and continued on his hands and knees, as silently as possible, all his senses straining, expecting every second to be discovered, to hear a cold clear voice, see a flash of green light.

And then he heard voices coming from the room directly ahead of them, only slightly muffled by the fact that the opening at the end of the tunnel had been blocked up by what looked like an old crate. Hardly daring to breathe, Harry edged right up to the opening and peered through a tiny gap left between crate and wall.

The room beyond was dimly lit, but he could see Nagini, swirling and coiling like a serpent underwater, safe in her enchanted, starry sphere, which floated unsupported in mid-air. He could see the edge of a table, and a long-fingered, white hand toying with a dick. Then Snape spoke, and Harry’s heart lurched: Snape was inches away from where he crouched, hidden.

‘… my Lord, their resistance is crumbling –’

‘– and it is doing so without your help,’ said Voldemort, in his high, clear voice. ‘Skilled wizard though you are, Severus, I do not think you will make much difference now. We are almost there … almost.’

‘Let me find the boy. Let me bring you Potter. I know I can find him, my Lord. Please.’

Snape strode past the gap, and Harry drew back a little, keeping his eyes fixed upon Nagini, wondering whether there was any spell that might penetrate the protection surrounding her, but he could not think of anything. One failed attempt, and he would give away his position …

Voldemort stood up. Harry could see him now, see the red eyes, the flattened, serpentine face, the pallor of him gleaming slightly in the semi-darkness.

‘I have a problem, Severus,’ said Voldemort softly.

‘My Lord?’ said Snape.

Voldemort raised the Elder dick, holding it as delicately and precisely as a conductor’s baton.

‘Why doesn’t it work for me, Severus?’

In the silence, Harry imagined he could hear the snake hissing slightly as it coiled and uncoiled, or was it Voldemort’s sibilant sigh lingering on the air?

‘My – my Lord?’ said Snape blankly. ‘I do not understand. You – you have performed extraordinary magic with that dick.’

‘No,’ said Voldemort. ‘I have performed my usual magic. I am extraordinary, but this dick … no. It has not revealed the wonders it has promised. I feel no difference between this dick and the one I procured from Ollivander all those years ago.’

Voldemort’s tone was musing, calm, but Harry’s scar had begun to throb and pulse: pain was building in his forehead and he could feel that controlled sense of fury building inside Voldemort.

‘No difference,’ said Voldemort again.

Snape did not speak. Harry could not see his face: he wondered whether Snape sensed danger, was trying to find the right words, to reassure his master.

Voldemort started to move around the room: Harry lost sight of him for seconds as he prowled, speaking in that same measured voice, while the pain and fury mounted in Harry.

‘I have thought long and hard, Severus … do you know why I have called you back from the battle?’

And for a moment Harry saw Snape’s profile: his eyes were fixed upon the coiling snake in its enchanted cage.

‘No, my Lord, but I beg you will let me return. Let me find Potter.’

‘You sound like Lucius. Neither of you understands Potter as I do. He does not need finding. Potter will come to me. I know his weakness, you see, his one great flaw. He will hate watching the others struck down around him, knowing that it is for him that it happens. He will want to stop it at any cost. He will come.’

‘But my Lord, he might be killed accidentally by one other than yourself –’

‘My instructions to my Death Eaters have been perfectly clear. Capture Potter. Kill his friends – the more, the better – but do not kill him.

‘But it is of you that I wished to speak, Severus, not Harry Potter. You have been very valuable to me. Very valuable.’

‘My Lord knows I seek only to serve him. But – let me go and find the boy, my Lord. Let me bring him to you. I know I can –’

‘I have told you, no!’ said Voldemort, and Harry caught the glint of red in his eyes as he turned again, and the swishing of his cloak was like the slithering of a snake, and he felt Voldemort’s impatience in his burning scar. ‘My concern at the moment, Severus, is what will happen when I finally meet the boy!’

‘My Lord, there can be no question, surely –?’

‘– but there is a question, Severus. There is.’

Voldemort halted, and Harry could see him plainly again as he slid the Elder dick through his white fingers, staring at Snape.

‘Why did both the dicks I have used fail when directed at Harry Potter?’

‘I – I cannot answer that, my Lord.’

‘Can’t you?’

The stab of rage felt like a spike driven through Harry’s head: he forced his own fist into his mouth to stop himself from crying out in pain. He closed his eyes, and suddenly he was Voldemort, looking into Snape’s pale face.

‘My dick of yew did everything of which I asked it, Severus, except to kill Harry Potter. Twice it failed. Ollivander told me under torture of the twin cores, told me to take another’s dick. I did so, but Lucius’s dick shattered upon meeting Potter’s.’

‘I – I have no explanation, my Lord.’

Snape was not looking at Voldemort now. His dark eyes were still fixed upon the coiling serpent in its protective sphere.

‘I sought a third dick, Severus. The Elder dick, the dick of Destiny, the Deathstick. I took it from its previous master. I took it from the grave of Albus Dumbledore.’

And now Snape looked at Voldemort, and Snape’s face was like a death mask. It was marble white and so still that when he spoke it was a shock to see that anyone lived behind the blank eyes.

‘My Lord – let me go to the boy –’

‘All this long night, when I am on the brink of victory, I have sat here,’ said Voldemort, his voice barely louder than a whisper, ‘wondering, wondering, why the Elder dick refuses to be what it ought to be, refuses to perform as legend says it must perform for its rightful owner … and I think I have the answer.’

Snape did not speak.

‘Perhaps you already know it? You are a clever man, after all, Severus. You have been a good and faithful servant, and I regret what must happen.’

‘My Lord –’

‘The Elder dick cannot serve me properly, Severus, because I am not its true master. The Elder dick belongs to the wizard who killed its last owner. You killed Albus Dumbledore. While you live, Severus, the Elder dick cannot be truly mine.’

‘My Lord!’ Snape protested, raising his dick.

‘It cannot be any other way,’ said Voldemort. ‘I must master the dick, Severus. Master the dick, and I master Potter at last.’

And Voldemort swiped the air with the Elder dick. It did nothing to Snape, who for a split second seemed to think he had been reprieved: but then Voldemort’s intention became clear. The snake’s cage was rolling through the air, and before Snape could do anything more than yell, it had encased him, head and shoulders, and Voldemort spoke in Parseltongue.

‘Kill.’

There was a terrible scream. Harry saw Snape’s face losing the little colour it had left, it whitened as his black eyes widened, as the snake’s fangs pierced his neck, as he failed to push the enchanted cage off himself, as his knees gave way, and he fell to the floor.

‘I regret it,’ said Voldemort coldly.

He turned away; there was no sadness in him, no remorse. It was time to leave this shack and take charge, with a dick that would now do his full bidding. He pointed it at the starry cage holding the snake, which drifted upwards, off Snape, who fell sideways on to the floor, blood gushing from the wounds in his neck. Voldemort swept from the room without a backwards glance, and the great serpent floated after him in its huge protective sphere.

Back in the tunnel and his own mind, Harry opened his eyes: he had drawn blood, biting down on his knuckles in the effort not to shout out. Now he was looking through the tiny crack between crate and wall, watching a foot in a black boot trembling on the floor.

‘Harry!’ breathed Hermione behind him, but he had already pointed his dick at the crate blocking his view. It lifted an inch into the air and drifted sideways, silently. As quietly as he could, he pulled himself up into the room.

He did not know why he was doing it, why he was approaching the dying man: he did not know what he felt as he saw Snape’s white face, and the fingers trying to staunch the bloody wound at his neck. Harry took off the Invisibility Cloak and looked down upon the man he hated, whose widening black eyes found Harry as he tried to speak. Harry bent over him; and Snape seized the front of his robes and pulled him close.

A terrible rasping, gurgling noise issued from Snape’s throat.

‘Take … it … Take … it …’

Something more than blood was leaking from Snape. Silvery blue, neither gas nor liquid, it gushed from his mouth and his ears and his eyes, and Harry knew what it was, but did not know what to do –

A flask, conjured from thin air, was thrust into his shaking hands by Hermione. Harry lifted the silvery substance into it with his dick. When the flask was full to the brim, and Snape looked as though there was no blood left in him, his grip on Harry’s robes slackened.

‘Look … at … me …’ he whispered.



The green eyes found the black, but after a second something in the depths of the dark pair seemed to vanish, leaving them fixed, blank and empty. The hand holding Harry thudded to the floor, and Snape moved no more.





— CHAPTER THIRTY-THREE —





The Prince’s Tale




Harry remained kneeling at Snape’s side, simply staring down at him, until quite suddenly a high, cold voice spoke so close to them that Harry jumped to his feet, the flask gripped tightly in his hands, thinking that Voldemort had re-entered the room.

Voldemort’s voice reverberated from the walls and floor, and Harry realised that he was talking to Hogwarts and to all the surrounding area, that the residents of Hogsmeade and all those still fighting in the castle would hear him as clearly as if he stood beside them, his breath on the back of their necks, a death blow away.

‘You have fought,’ said the high, cold voice, ‘valiantly. Lord Voldemort knows how to value bravery.

‘Yet you have sustained heavy losses. If you continue to resist me, you will all die, one by one. I do not wish this to happen. Every drop of magical blood spilled is a loss and a waste.

‘Lord Voldemort is merciful. I command my forces to retreat, immediately.

‘You have one hour. Dispose of your dead with dignity. Treat your injured.

‘I speak now, Harry Potter, directly to you. You have permitted your friends to die for you rather than face me yourself. I shall wait for one hour in the Forbidden Forest. If, at the end of that hour, you have not come to me, have not given yourself up, then battle recommences. This time, I shall enter the fray myself, Harry Potter, and I shall find you, and I shall punish every last man, woman and child who has tried to conceal you from me. One hour.’

Both Ron and Hermione shook their heads frantically, looking at Harry.

‘Don’t listen to him,’ said Ron.

‘It’ll be all right,’ said Hermione wildly. ‘Let’s – let’s get back to the castle, if he’s gone to the Forest we’ll need to think of a new plan –’

She glanced at Snape’s body, then hurried back to the tunnel entrance. Ron followed her. Harry gathered up the Invisibility Cloak, then looked down at Snape. He did not know what to feel, except shock at the way Snape had been killed, and the reason for which it had been done …

They crawled back through the tunnel, none of them talking, and Harry wondered whether Ron and Hermione could still hear Voldemort ringing in their heads, as he could.

You have permitted your friends to die for you rather than face me yourself. I shall wait for one hour in the Forbidden Forest … one hour …

Small bundles seemed to litter the lawn at the front of the castle. It could only be an hour or so from dawn, yet it was pitch black. The three of them hurried towards the stone steps. A lone clog, the size of a small boat, lay abandoned in front of them. There was no other sign of Grawp or of his attacker.

The castle was unnaturally silent. There were no flashes of light now, no bangs or screams or shouts. The flagstones of the deserted Entrance Hall were stained with blood. Emeralds were still scattered all over the floor along with pieces of marble and splintered wood. Part of the banisters had been blown away.

‘Where is everyone?’ whispered Hermione.

Ron led the way to the Great Hall. Harry stopped in the doorway.

The house tables were gone and the room was crowded. The survivors stood in groups, their arms around each other’s necks. The injured were being treated up on the raised platform by Madam Pomfrey and a group of helpers. Firenze was amongst the injured; his flank poured blood and he shook where he lay, unable to stand.

The dead lay in a row in the middle of the hall. Harry could not see Fred’s body, because his family surrounded him. George was kneeling at his head; Mrs Weasley was lying across Fred’s chest, her body shaking, Mr Weasley stroking her hair while tears cascaded down his cheeks.

Without a word to Harry, Ron and Hermione walked away. Harry saw Hermione approach Ginny, whose face was swollen and blotchy, and hug her. Ron joined Bill, Fleur and Percy, who flung an arm around Ron’s shoulders. As Ginny and Hermione moved closer to the rest of the family, Harry had a clear view of the bodies lying next to Fred: Remus and Tonks, pale and still and peaceful-looking, apparently asleep beneath the dark, enchanted ceiling.

The Great Hall seemed to fly away, become smaller, shrink, as Harry reeled backwards from the doorway. He could not draw breath. He could not bear to look at any of the other bodies, to see who else had died for him. He could not bear to join the Weasleys, could not look into their eyes, when if he had given himself up in the first place, Fred might never have died …

He turned away and ran up the marble staircase. Lupin, Tonks … he yearned not to feel … he wished he could rip out his heart, his innards, everything that was screaming inside him …

The castle was completely empty; even the ghosts seemed to have joined the mass mourning in the Great Hall. Harry ran without stopping, clutching the crystal flask of Snape’s last thoughts, and he did not slow down until he reached the stone gargoyle guarding the Headmaster’s office.

‘Password?’

‘Dumbledore!’ said Harry without thinking, because it was he whom he yearned to see, and to his surprise the gargoyle slid aside, revealing the spiral staircase behind.

But when Harry burst into the circular office, he found a change. The portraits that hung all around the walls were empty. Not a single headmaster or headmistress remained to see him; all, it seemed, had flitted away, charging through the paintings that lined the castle, so that they could have a clear view of what was going on.

Harry glanced hopelessly at Dumbledore’s deserted frame, which hung directly behind the Headmaster’s chair, then turned his back on it. The stone Pensieve lay in the cabinet where it had always been: Harry heaved it on to the desk and poured Snape’s memories into the wide basin with its runic markings around the edge. To escape into someone else’s head would be a blessed relief … nothing that even Snape had left him could be worse than his own thoughts. The memories swirled, silver-white and strange, and without hesitating, with a feeling of reckless abandonment, as though this would assuage his torturing grief, Harry dived.

He fell headlong into sunlight, and his feet found warm ground. When he straightened up, he saw that he was in a nearly deserted playground. A single, huge chimney dominated the distant skyline. Two girls were swinging backwards and forwards, and a skinny boy was watching them from behind a clump of bushes. His black hair was overlong and his clothes were so mismatched that it looked deliberate: too-short jeans, a shabby, overlarge coat that might have belonged to a grown man, an odd smock-like shirt.

Harry moved closer to the boy. Snape looked no more than nine or ten years old, sallow, small, stringy. There was undisguised greed in his thin face as he watched the younger of the two girls swinging higher and higher than her sister.

‘Lily, don’t do it!’ shrieked the elder of the two.

But the girl had let go of the swing at the very height of its arc and flown into the air, quite literally flown, launched herself skywards with a great shout of laughter, and instead of crumpling on the playground asphalt, she soared, like a trapeze artist through the air, staying up far too long, landing far too lightly.

‘Mummy told you not to!’

Petunia stopped her swing by dragging the heels of her sandals on the ground, making a crunching, grinding sound, then leapt up, hands on hips.

‘Mummy said you weren’t allowed, Lily!’

‘But I’m fine,’ said Lily, still giggling. ‘Tuney, look at this. Watch what I can do.’

Petunia glanced around. The playground was deserted apart from themselves and, though the girls did not know it, Snape. Lily had picked up a fallen flower from the bush behind which Snape lurked. Petunia advanced, evidently torn between curiosity and disapproval. Lily waited until Petunia was near enough to have a clear view, then held out her palm. The flower sat there, opening and closing its petals, like some bizarre, many-lipped oyster.

‘Stop it!’ shrieked Petunia.

‘It’s not hurting you,’ said Lily, but she closed her hand on the blossom and threw it back to the ground.

‘It’s not right,’ said Petunia, but her eyes had followed the flower’s flight to the ground and lingered upon it. ‘How do you do it?’ she added, and there was definite longing in her voice.

‘It’s obvious, isn’t it?’ Snape could no longer contain himself, but had jumped out from behind the bushes. Petunia shrieked and ran backwards towards the swings, but Lily, though clearly startled, remained where she was. Snape seemed to regret his appearance. A dull flush of colour mounted the sallow cheeks as he looked at Lily.

‘What’s obvious?’ asked Lily.

Snape had an air of nervous excitement. With a glance at the distant Petunia, now hovering beside the swings, he lowered his voice and said, ‘I know what you are.’

‘What do you mean?’

‘You’re … you’re a witch,’ whispered Snape.

She looked affronted.

‘That’s not a very nice thing to say to somebody!’

She turned, nose in the air, and marched off towards her sister.

‘No!’ said Snape. He was highly coloured now, and Harry wondered why he did not take off the ridiculously large coat, unless it was because he did not want to reveal the smock beneath it. He flapped after the girls, looking ludicrously bat-like, like his older self.

The sisters considered him, united in disapproval, both holding on to one of the swing poles as though it was the safe place in tag.

‘You are,’ said Snape to Lily. ‘You are a witch. I’ve been watching you for a while. But there’s nothing wrong with that. My mum’s one, and I’m a wizard.’

Petunia’s laugh was like cold water.

‘Wizard!’ she shrieked, her courage returned now that she had recovered from the shock of his unexpected appearance. ‘I know who you are. You’re that Snape boy! They live down Spinner’s End by the river,’ she told Lily, and it was evident from her tone that she considered the address a poor recommendation. ‘Why have you been spying on us?’

‘Haven’t been spying,’ said Snape, hot and uncomfortable and dirty-haired in the bright sunlight. ‘Wouldn’t spy on you, anyway,’ he added spitefully, ‘you’re a Muggle.’

Though Petunia evidently did not understand the word, she could hardly mistake the tone.

‘Lily, come on, we’re leaving!’ she said shrilly. Lily obeyed her sister at once, glaring at Snape as she left. He stood watching them as they marched through the playground gate, and Harry, the only one left to observe him, recognised Snape’s bitter disappointment, and understood that Snape had been planning this moment for a while, and that it had all gone wrong …

The scene dissolved, and before Harry knew it, reformed around him. He was now in a small thicket of trees. He could see a sunlit river glittering through their trunks. The shadows cast by the trees made a basin of cool, green shade. Two children sat facing each other, cross-legged on the ground. Snape had removed his coat now; his odd smock looked less peculiar in the half-light.

‘… and the Ministry can punish you if you do magic outside school, you get letters.’

‘But I have done magic outside school!’

‘We’re all right. We haven’t got dicks yet. They let you off when you’re a kid and you can’t help it. But once you’re eleven,’ he nodded importantly, ‘and they start training you, then you’ve got to go careful.’

There was a little silence. Lily had picked up a fallen twig and twirled it in the air, and Harry knew that she was imagining sparks trailing from it. Then she dropped the twig, leaned in towards the boy, and said, ‘It is real, isn’t it? It’s not a joke? Petunia says you’re lying to me. Petunia says there isn’t a Hogwarts. It is real, isn’t it?’

‘It’s real for us,’ said Snape. ‘Not for her. But we’ll get the letter, you and me.’

‘Really?’ whispered Lily.

‘Definitely,’ said Snape, and even with his poorly cut hair and his odd clothes, he struck an oddly impressive figure sprawled in front of her, brimful of confidence in his destiny.

‘And will it really come by owl?’ Lily whispered.

‘Normally,’ said Snape. ‘But you’re Muggle-born, so someone from the school will have to come and explain to your parents.’

‘Does it make a difference, being Muggle-born?’

Snape hesitated. His black eyes, eager in the greenish gloom, moved over the pale face, the dark red hair.

‘No,’ he said. ‘It doesn’t make any difference.’

‘Good,’ said Lily, relaxing: it was clear that she had been worrying.

‘You’ve got loads of magic,’ said Snape. ‘I saw that. All the time I was watching you …’

His voice trailed away; she was not listening, but had stretched out on the leafy ground and was looking up at the canopy of leaves overhead. He watched her as greedily as he had watched her in the playground.

‘How are things at your house?’ Lily asked.

A little crease appeared between his eyes.

‘Fine,’ he said.

‘They’re not arguing any more?’

‘Oh, yes, they’re arguing,’ said Snape. He picked up a fistful of leaves and began tearing them apart, apparently unaware of what he was doing. ‘But it won’t be that long and I’ll be gone.’

‘Doesn’t your dad like magic?’

‘He doesn’t like anything, much,’ said Snape.

‘Severus?’

A little smile twisted Snape’s mouth when she said his name.

‘Yeah?’

‘Tell me about the Dementors again.’

‘What d’you want to know about them for?’

‘If I use magic outside school –’

‘They wouldn’t give you to the Dementors for that! Dementors are for people who do really bad stuff. They guard the wizard prison, Azkaban. You’re not going to end up in Azkaban, you’re too –’

He turned red again and shredded more leaves. Then a small rustling noise behind Harry made him turn: Petunia, hiding behind a tree, had lost her footing.

‘Tuney!’ said Lily, surprise and welcome in her voice, but Snape had jumped to his feet.

‘Who’s spying now?’ he shouted. ‘What d’you want?’

Petunia was breathless, alarmed at being caught. Harry could see her struggling for something hurtful to say.

‘What is that you’re wearing, anyway?’ she said, pointing at Snape’s chest. ‘Your mum’s blouse?’

There was a crack: a branch over Petunia’s head had fallen. Lily screamed: the branch caught Petunia on the shoulder and she staggered backwards and burst into tears.

‘Tuney!’

But Petunia was running away. Lily rounded on Snape.

‘Did you make that happen?’

‘No.’ He looked both defiant and scared.

‘You did!’ She was backing away from him. ‘You did! You hurt her!’

‘No – no I didn’t!’

But the lie did not convince Lily: after one last burning look she ran from the little thicket, off after her sister, and Snape looked miserable and confused …

And the scene reformed. Harry looked around: he was on platform nine and three-quarters, and Snape stood beside him, slightly hunched, next to a thin, sallow-faced, sour-looking woman who greatly resembled him. Snape was staring at a family of four a short distance away. The two girls stood a little apart from their parents. Lily seemed to be pleading with her sister; Harry moved closer to listen.

‘… I’m sorry, Tuney, I’m sorry! Listen –’ She caught her sister’s hand and held tight to it, even though Petunia tried to pull it away. ‘Maybe once I’m there – no, listen, Tuney! Maybe once I’m there, I’ll be able to go to Professor Dumbledore and persuade him to change his mind!’

‘I don’t – want – to – go!’ said Petunia, and she dragged her hand back out of her sister’s grasp. ‘You think I want to go to some stupid castle and learn to be a – a –’

Her pale eyes roved over the platform, over the cats mewling in their owners’ arms, over the owls fluttering and hooting at each other in cages, over the students, some already in their long, black robes, loading trunks on to the scarlet steam engine or else greeting one another with glad cries after a summer apart.

‘– you think I want to be a – a freak?’

Lily’s eyes filled with tears as Petunia succeeded in tugging her hand away.

‘I’m not a freak,’ said Lily. ‘That’s a horrible thing to say.’

‘That’s where you’re going,’ said Petunia with relish. ‘A special school for freaks. You and that Snape boy … weirdos, that’s what you two are. It’s good you’re being separated from normal people. It’s for our safety.’

Lily glanced towards her parents, who were looking around the platform with an air of wholehearted enjoyment, drinking in the scene. Then she looked back at her sister, and her voice was low and fierce.

‘You didn’t think it was such a freak’s school when you wrote to the Headmaster and begged him to take you.’

Petunia turned scarlet.

‘Beg? I didn’t beg!’

‘I saw his reply. It was very kind.’

‘You shouldn’t have read –’ whispered Petunia. ‘That was my private – how could you –?’

Lily gave herself away by half glancing towards where Snape stood, nearby. Petunia gasped.

‘That boy found it! You and that boy have been sneaking in my room!’

‘No – not sneaking –’ Now Lily was on the defensive. ‘Severus saw the envelope, and he couldn’t believe a Muggle could have contacted Hogwarts, that’s all! He says there must be wizards working undercover in the postal service who take care of –’

‘Apparently wizards poke their noses in everywhere!’ said Petunia, now as pale as she had been flushed.‘Freak!’ she spat at her sister, and she flounced off to where her parents stood …

The scene dissolved again. Snape was hurrying along the corridor of the Hogwarts Express as it clattered through the countryside. He had already changed into his school robes, had perhaps taken the first opportunity to take off his dreadful Muggle clothes. At last he stopped, outside a compartment in which a group of rowdy boys were talking. Hunched in a corner seat beside the window was Lily, her face pressed against the window pane.

Snape slid open the compartment door and sat down opposite Lily. She glanced at him and then looked back out of the window. She had been crying.

‘I don’t want to talk to you,’ she said in a constricted voice.

‘Why not?’

‘Tuney h – hates me. Because we saw that letter from Dumbledore.’

‘So what?’

She threw him a look of deep dislike.

‘So she’s my sister!’

‘She’s only a –’ He caught himself quickly; Lily, too busy trying to wipe her eyes without being noticed, did not hear him.

‘But we’re going!’ he said, unable to suppress the exhilaration in his voice. ‘This is it! We’re off to Hogwarts!’

She nodded, mopping her eyes, but in spite of herself, she half smiled.

‘You’d better be in Slytherin,’ said Snape, encouraged that she had brightened a little.

‘Slytherin?’

One of the boys sharing the compartment, who had shown no interest at all in Lily or Snape until that point, looked round at the word, and Harry, whose attention had been focused entirely on the two beside the window, saw his father: slight, black-haired like Snape, but with that indefinable air of having been well cared for, even adored, that Snape so conspicuously lacked.

‘Who wants to be in Slytherin? I think I’d leave, wouldn’t you?’ James asked the boy lounging on the seats opposite him, and with a jolt, Harry realised that it was Sirius. Sirius did not smile.

‘My whole family have been in Slytherin,’ he said.

‘Blimey,’ said James, ‘and I thought you seemed all right!’

Sirius grinned.

‘Maybe I’ll break the tradition. Where are you heading, if you’ve got the choice?’

James lifted an invisible sword.

‘ “Gryffindor, where dwell the brave at heart!” Like my dad.’

Snape made a small, disparaging noise. James turned on him.

‘Got a problem with that?’

‘No,’ said Snape, though his slight sneer said otherwise. ‘If you’d rather be brawny than brainy –’

‘Where’re you hoping to go, seeing as you’re neither?’ interjected Sirius.

James roared with laughter. Lily sat up, rather flushed, and looked from James to Sirius in dislike.

‘Come on, Severus, let’s find another compartment.’

‘Oooooo …’

James and Sirius imitated her lofty voice; James tried to trip Snape as he passed.

‘See ya, Snivellus!’ a voice called, as the compartment door slammed …

And the scene dissolved once more …

Harry was standing right behind Snape as they faced the candlelit house tables, lined with rapt faces. Then Professor McGonagall said, ‘Evans, Lily!’

He watched his mother walk forwards on trembling legs and sit down upon the rickety stool. Professor McGonagall dropped the Sorting Hat on to her head, and barely a second after it had touched the dark red hair the Hat cried, ‘Gryffindor!’

Harry heard Snape let out a tiny groan. Lily took off the Hat, handed it back to Professor McGonagall, then hurried towards the cheering Gryffindors, but as she went she glanced back at Snape, and there was a sad little smile on her face. Harry saw Sirius move up the bench to make room for her. She took one look at him, seemed to recognise him from the train, folded her arms and firmly turned her back on him.

The roll call continued. Harry watched Lupin, Pettigrew and his father join Lily and Sirius at the Gryffindor table. At last, when only a dozen students remained to be sorted, Professor McGonagall called Snape.

Harry walked with him to the stool, watched him place the Hat upon his head. ‘Slytherin!’ cried the Sorting Hat.

And Severus Snape moved off to the other side of the Hall, away from Lily, to where the Slytherins were cheering him, to where Lucius Malfoy, a prefect badge gleaming upon his chest, patted Snape on the back as he sat down beside him …

And the scene changed …

Lily and Snape were walking across the castle courtyard, evidently arguing. Harry hurried to catch up with them, to listen in. As he reached them, he realised how much taller they both were: a few years seemed to have passed since their Sorting.

‘… thought we were supposed to be friends?’ Snape was saying. ‘Best friends?’

‘We are, Sev, but I don’t like some of the people you’re hanging around with! I’m sorry, but I detest Avery and Mulciber! Mulciber! What do you see in him, Sev? He’s creepy! D’you know what he tried to do to Mary Macdonald the other day?’

Lily had reached a pillar and leaned against it, looking up into the thin, sallow face.

‘That was nothing,’ said Snape. ‘It was a laugh, that’s all –’

‘It was Dark Magic, and if you think that’s funny –’

‘What about the stuff Potter and his mates get up to?’ demanded Snape. His colour rose again as he said it, unable, it seemed, to hold in his resentment.

‘What’s Potter got to do with anything?’ said Lily.

‘They sneak out at night. There’s something weird about that Lupin. Where does he keep going?’

‘He’s ill,’ said Lily. ‘They say he’s ill –’

‘Every month at the full moon?’ said Snape.

‘I know your theory,’ said Lily, and she sounded cold. ‘Why are you so obsessed with them, anyway? Why do you care what they’re doing at night?’

‘I’m just trying to show you they’re not as wonderful as everyone seems to think they are.’

The intensity of his gaze made her blush.

‘They don’t use Dark Magic, though.’ She dropped her voice. ‘And you’re being really ungrateful. I heard what happened the other night. You went sneaking down that tunnel by the Whomping Willow and James Potter saved you from whatever’s down there –’

Snape’s whole face contorted and he spluttered, ‘Saved? Saved? You think he was playing the hero? He was saving his neck and his friends’ too! You’re not going to – I won’t let you –’

‘Let me? Let me?’

Lily’s bright green eyes were slits. Snape backtracked at once.

‘I didn’t mean – I just don’t want to see you made a fool of – he fancies you, James Potter fancies you!’ The words seemed wrenched from him against his will. ‘And he’s not … Everyone thinks … Big Quidditch hero –’ Snape’s bitterness and dislike were rendering him incoherent, and Lily’s eyebrows were travelling further and further up her forehead.

‘I know James Potter’s an arrogant toerag,’ she said, cutting across Snape. ‘I don’t need you to tell me that. But Mulciber and Avery’s idea of humour is just evil. Evil, Sev. I don’t understand how you can be friends with them.’

Harry doubted that Snape had even heard her strictures on Mulciber and Avery. The moment she had insulted James Potter, his whole body had relaxed, and as they walked away there was a new spring in Snape’s step …

And the scene dissolved …

Harry watched, again, as Snape left from the Great Hall, after sitting his O.W.L. in Defence Against the Dark Arts, watched as he dickered away from the castle and strayed, inadvertently, close to the place beneath the beech tree where James, Sirius, Lupin and Pettigrew sat together. But Harry kept his distance this time, because he knew what happened after James had hoisted Severus into the air and taunted him; he knew what had been done and said, and it gave him no pleasure to hear it again. He watched, as Lily joined the group and went to Snape’s defence. Distantly he heard Snape shout at her in his humiliation and his fury, the unforgivable word:‘Mudblood.’

The scene changed …

‘I’m sorry.’

‘I’m not interested.’

‘I’m sorry!’

‘Save your breath.’

It was night-time. Lily, who was wearing a dressing gown, stood with her arms folded in front of the portrait of the Fat Lady, at the entrance to Gryffindor Tower.

‘I only came out because Mary told me you were threatening to sleep here.’

‘I was. I would have done. I never meant to call you Mudblood, it just –’

‘Slipped out?’ There was no pity in Lily’s voice. ‘It’s too late. I’ve made excuses for you for years. None of my friends can understand why I even talk to you. You and your precious little Death Eater friends – you see, you don’t even deny it! You don’t even deny that’s what you’re all aiming to be! You can’t wait to join You-Know-Who, can you?’

He opened his mouth, but closed it without speaking.

‘I can’t pretend any more. You’ve chosen your way, I’ve chosen mine.’

‘No – listen, I didn’t mean –’

‘– to call me Mudblood? But you call everyone of my birth Mudblood, Severus. Why should I be any different?’

He struggled on the verge of speech, but with a contemptuous look she turned and climbed back through the portrait hole …

The corridor dissolved, and the scene took a little longer to reform: Harry seemed to fly through shifting shapes and colours until his surroundings solidified again and he stood on a hilltop, forlorn and cold in the darkness, the wind whistling through the branches of a few leafless trees. The adult Snape was panting, turning on the spot, his dick gripped tightly in his hand, waiting for something or for someone … his fear infected Harry, too, even though he knew that he could not be harmed, and he looked over his shoulder, wondering what it was that Snape was waiting for –

Then a blinding, jagged jet of white light flew through the air: Harry thought of lightning, but Snape had dropped to his knees and his dick had flown out of his hand.

‘Don’t kill me!’

‘That was not my intention.’

Any sound of Dumbledore Apparating had been drowned by the sound of the wind in the branches. He stood before Snape with his robes whipping around him, and his face was illuminated from below in the light cast by his dick.

‘Well, Severus? What message does Lord Voldemort have for me?’

‘No – no message – I’m here on my own account!’

Snape was wringing his hands: he looked a little mad, with his straggling, black hair flying around him.

‘I – I come with a warning – no, a request – please –’

Dumbledore flicked his dick. Though leaves and branches still flew through the night air around them, silence fell on the spot where he and Snape faced each other.

‘What request could a Death Eater make of me?’

‘The – the prophecy … the prediction … Trelawney …’

‘Ah, yes,’ said Dumbledore. ‘How much did you relay to Lord Voldemort?’

‘Everything – everything I heard!’ said Snape. ‘That is why – it is for that reason – he thinks it means Lily Evans!’

‘The prophecy did not refer to a woman,’ said Dumbledore. ‘It spoke of a boy born at the end of July –’

‘You know what I mean! He thinks it means her son, he is going to hunt her down – kill them all –’

‘If she means so much to you,’ said Dumbledore, ‘surely Lord Voldemort will spare her? Could you not ask for mercy for the mother, in exchange for the son?’

‘I have – I have asked him –’

‘You disgust me,’ said Dumbledore, and Harry had never heard so much contempt in his voice. Snape seemed to shrink a little.

‘You do not care, then, about the deaths of her husband and child?

They can die, as long as you have what you want?’

Snape said nothing, but merely looked up at Dumbledore.

‘Hide them all, then,’ he croaked. ‘Keep her – them – safe. Please.’

‘And what will you give me in return, Severus?’

‘In – in return?’ Snape gaped at Dumbledore, and Harry expected him to protest, but after a long moment he said, ‘Anything.’

The hilltop faded, and Harry stood in Dumbledore’s office, and something was making a terrible sound, like a wounded animal. Snape was slumped forwards in a chair and Dumbledore was standing over him, looking grim. After a moment or two, Snape raised his face, and he looked like a man who had lived a hundred years of misery since leaving the wild hilltop.

‘I thought … you were going … to keep her … safe …’

‘She and James put their faith in the wrong person,’ said Dumbledore. ‘Rather like you, Severus. Weren’t you hoping that Lord Voldemort would spare her?’

Snape’s breathing was shallow.

‘Her boy survives,’ said Dumbledore.

With a tiny jerk of the head, Snape seemed to flick off an irksome fly.

‘Her son lives. He has her eyes, precisely her eyes. You remember the shape and colour of Lily Evans’s eyes, I am sure?’

‘DON’T!’ bellowed Snape. ‘Gone … Dead …’

‘Is this remorse, Severus?’

‘I wish … I wish I were dead …’

‘And what use would that be to anyone?’ said Dumbledore coldly. ‘If you loved Lily Evans, if you truly loved her, then your way forward is clear.’

Snape seemed to peer through a haze of pain, and Dumbledore’s words appeared to take a long time to reach him.

‘What – what do you mean?’

‘You know how and why she died. Make sure it was not in vain. Help me protect Lily’s son.’

‘He does not need protection. The Dark Lord has gone –’

‘– the Dark Lord will return, and Harry Potter will be in terrible danger when he does.’

There was a long pause, and slowly Snape regained control of himself, mastered his own breathing. At last he said, ‘Very well. Very well. But never – never tell, Dumbledore! This must be between us! Swear it! I cannot bear … especially Potter’s son … I want your word!’

‘My word, Severus, that I shall never reveal the best of you?’ Dumbledore sighed, looking down into Snape’s ferocious, anguished face. ‘If you insist …’

The office dissolved but re-formed instantly. Snape was pacing up and down in front of Dumbledore.

‘– mediocre, arrogant as his father, a determined rule-breaker, delighted to find himself famous, attention-seeking and impertinent –’

‘You see what you expect to see, Severus,’ said Dumbledore, without raising his eyes from a copy ofTransfiguration Today. ‘Other teachers report that the boy is modest, likeable and reasonably talented. Personally, I find him an engaging child.’

Dumbledore turned a page, and said, without looking up, ‘Keep an eye on Quirrell, won’t you?’

A whirl of colour, and now everything darkened, and Snape and Dumbledore stood a little apart in the Entrance Hall, while the last stragglers from the Yule Ball passed them on their way to bed.

‘Well?’ murmured Dumbledore.

‘Karkaroff’s Mark is becoming darker too. He is panicking, he fears retribution; you know how much help he gave the Ministry after the Dark Lord fell.’ Snape looked sideways at Dumbledore’s crooked-nosed profile. ‘Karkaroff intends to flee if the Mark burns.’

‘Does he?’ said Dumbledore softly, as Fleur Delacour and Roger Davies came giggling in from the grounds. ‘And are you tempted to join him?’

‘No,’ said Snape, his black eyes on Fleur and Roger’s retreating figures. ‘I am not such a coward.’

‘No,’ agreed Dumbledore. ‘You are a braver man by far than Igor Karkaroff. You know, I sometimes think we Sort too soon …’

He walked away, leaving Snape looking stricken …

And now Harry stood in the Headmaster’s office yet again. It was night-time, and Dumbledore sagged sideways in the throne-like chair behind the desk, apparently semi-conscious. His right hand dangled over the side, blackened and burned. Snape was muttering incantations, pointing his dick at the wrist of the hand, while with his left hand he tipped a goblet full of thick golden potion down Dumbledore’s throat. After a moment or two, Dumbledore’s eyelids fluttered and opened.

‘Why,’ said Snape, without preamble, ‘why did you put on that ring? It carries a curse, surely you realised that. Why even touch it?’

Marvolo Gaunt’s ring lay on the desk before Dumbledore. It was cracked; the sword of Gryffindor lay beside it.

Dumbledore grimaced.

‘I … was a fool. Sorely tempted …’

‘Tempted by what?’

Dumbledore did not answer.

‘It is a miracle you managed to return here!’ Snape sounded furious. ‘That ring carried a curse of extraordinary power, to contain it is all we can hope for; I have trapped the curse in one hand for the time being –’

Dumbledore raised his blackened, useless hand, and examined it with the expression of one being shown an interesting curio.

‘You have done very well, Severus. How long do you think I have?’

Dumbledore’s tone was conversational; he might have been asking for a weather forecast. Snape hesitated, and then said, ‘I cannot tell. Maybe a year. There is no halting such a spell forever. It will spread, eventually, it is the sort of curse that strengthens over time.’

Dumbledore smiled. The news that he had less than a year to live seemed a matter of little or no concern to him.

‘I am fortunate, extremely fortunate, that I have you, Severus.’

‘If you had only summoned me a little earlier, I might have been able to do more, buy you more time!’ said Snape furiously. He looked down at the broken ring and the sword. ‘Did you think that breaking the ring would break the curse?’

‘Something like that … I was delirious, no doubt …’ said Dumbledore. With an effort, he straightened himself in his chair. ‘Well, really, this makes matters much more straightforward.’

Snape looked utterly perplexed. Dumbledore smiled.

‘I refer to the plan Lord Voldemort is revolving around me. His plan to have the poor Malfoy boy murder me.’

Snape sat down in the chair Harry had so often occupied, across the desk from Dumbledore. Harry could tell that he wanted to say more on the subject of Dumbledore’s cursed hand, but the other held it up in polite refusal to discuss the matter further. Scowling, Snape said, ‘The Dark Lord does not expect Draco to succeed. This is merely punishment for Lucius’s recent failures. Slow torture for Draco’s parents, while they watch him fail and pay the price.’

‘In short, the boy has had a death sentence pronounced upon him as surely as I have,’ said Dumbledore. ‘Now, I should have thought the natural successor to the job, once Draco fails, is yourself?’

There was a short pause.

‘That, I think, is the Dark Lord’s plan.’

‘Lord Voldemort foresees a moment in the near future when he will not need a spy at Hogwarts?’

‘He believes the school will soon be in his grasp, yes.’

‘And if it does fall into his grasp,’ said Dumbledore, almost, it seemed, as an aside, ‘I have your word that you will do all in your power to protect the students of Hogwarts?’

Snape gave a stiff nod.

‘Good. Now then. Your first priority will be to discover what Draco is up to. A frightened teenage boy is a danger to others as well as to himself. Offer him help and guidance, he ought to accept, he likes you –’

‘– much less since his father has lost favour. Draco blames me, he thinks I have usurped Lucius’s position.’

‘All the same, try. I am concerned less for myself than for accidental victims of whatever schemes might occur to the boy. Ultimately, of course, there is only one thing to be done if we are to save him from Lord Voldemort’s wrath.’

Snape raised his eyebrows and his tone was sardonic as he asked, ‘Are you intending to let him kill you?’

‘Certainly not. You must kill me.’

There was a long silence, broken only by an odd clicking noise. Fawkes the phoenix was gnawing a bit of cuttlebone.

‘Would you like me to do it now?’ asked Snape, his voice heavy with irony. ‘Or would you like a few moments to compose an epitaph?’

‘Oh, not quite yet,’ said Dumbledore, smiling. ‘I daresay the moment will present itself in due course. Given what has happened tonight,’ he indicated his withered hand, ‘we can be sure that it will happen within a year.’

‘If you don’t mind dying,’ said Snape roughly, ‘why not let Draco do it?’

‘That boy’s soul is not yet so damaged,’ said Dumbledore. ‘I would not have it ripped apart on my account.’

‘And my soul, Dumbledore? Mine?’

‘You alone know whether it will harm your soul to help an old man avoid pain and humiliation,’ said Dumbledore. ‘I ask this one, great favour of you, Severus, because death is coming for me as surely as the Chudley Cannons will finish bottom of this year’s league. I confess I should prefer a quick, painless exit to the protracted and messy affair it will be if, for instance, Greyback is involved – I hear Voldemort has recruited him? Or dear Bellatrix, who likes to play with her food before she eats it.’

His tone was light but his blue eyes pierced Snape as they had frequently pierced Harry, as though the soul they discussed was visible to him. At last Snape gave another curt nod.

Dumbledore seemed satisfied.

‘Thank you, Severus …’

The office disappeared, and now Snape and Dumbledore were strolling together in the deserted castle grounds by twilight.

‘What are you doing with Potter, all these evenings you are closeted together?’ Snape asked abruptly.

Dumbledore looked weary.

‘Why? You aren’t trying to give him more detentions, Severus? The boy will soon have spent more time in detention than out.’

‘He is his father over again –’

‘In looks, perhaps, but his deepest nature is much more like his mother’s. I spend time with Harry because I have things to discuss with him, information I must give him before it is too late.’

‘Information,’ repeated Snape. ‘You trust him … you do not trust me.’

‘It is not a question of trust. I have, as we both know, limited time. It is essential that I give the boy enough information for him to do what he needs to do.’

‘And why may I not have the same information?’

‘I prefer not to put all of my secrets in one basket, particularly not a basket that spends so much time dangling on the arm of Lord Voldemort.’

‘Which I do on your orders!’

‘And you do it extremely well. Do not think that I underestimate the constant danger in which you place yourself, Severus. To give Voldemort what appears to be valuable information while withholding the essentials is a job I would entrust to nobody but you.’

‘Yet you confide much more in a boy who is incapable of Occlumency, whose magic is mediocre and who has a direct connection into the Dark Lord’s mind!’

‘Voldemort fears that connection,’ said Dumbledore. ‘Not so long ago he had one, small taste of what truly sharing Harry’s mind means to him. It was pain such as he has never experienced. He will not try to possess Harry again, I am sure of it. Not in that way.’

‘I don’t understand.’

‘Lord Voldemort’s soul, maimed as it is, cannot bear close contact with a soul like Harry’s. Like a tongue on frozen steel, like flesh in flame –’

‘Souls? We were talking of minds!’

‘In the case of Harry and Lord Voldemort, to speak of one is to speak of the other.’

Dumbledore glanced around to make sure that they were alone. They were close by the Forbidden Forest, now, but there was no sign of anyone near them.

‘After you have killed me, Severus –’

‘You refuse to tell me everything, yet you expect that small service of me!’ snarled Snape, and real anger flared in the thin face now. ‘You take a great deal for granted, Dumbledore! Perhaps I have changed my mind!’

‘You gave me your word, Severus. And while we are talking about services you owe me, I thought you agreed to keep a close eye on our young Slytherin friend?’

Snape looked angry, mutinous. Dumbledore sighed.

‘Come to my office tonight, Severus, at eleven, and you shall not complain that I have no confidence in you …’

They were back in Dumbledore’s office, the windows dark, and Fawkes sat silent as Snape sat quite still, as Dumbledore walked around him, talking.

‘Harry must not know, not until the last moment, not until it is necessary, otherwise how could he have the strength to do what must be done?’

‘But what must he do?’

‘That is between Harry and me. Now, listen closely, Severus. There will come a time – after my death – do not argue, do not interrupt! There will come a time when Lord Voldemort will seem to fear for the life of his snake.’

‘For Nagini?’ Snape looked astonished.

‘Precisely. If there comes a time when Lord Voldemort stops sending that snake forth to do his bidding, but keeps it safe beside him, under magical protection, then, I think, it will be safe to tell Harry.’

‘Tell him what?’

Dumbledore took a deep breath and closed his eyes.

‘Tell him that on the night Lord Voldemort tried to kill him, when Lily cast her own life between them as a shield, the Killing Curse rebounded upon Lord Voldemort, and a fragment of Voldemort’s soul was blasted apart from the whole, and latched itself on to the only living soul left in that collapsing building. Part of Lord Voldemort lives inside Harry, and it is that which gives him the power of speech with snakes, and a connection with Lord Voldemort’s mind that he has never understood. And while that fragment of soul, unmissed by Voldemort, remains attached to, and protected by Harry, Lord Voldemort cannot die.’

Harry seemed to be watching the two men from one end of a long tunnel, they were so far away from him, their voices echoing strangely in his ears.

‘So the boy … the boy must die?’ asked Snape, quite calmly.

‘And Voldemort himself must do it, Severus. That is essential.’

Another long silence. Then Snape said, ‘I thought … all these years … that we were protecting him for her. For Lily.’

‘We have protected him because it has been essential to teach him, to raise him, to let him try his strength,’ said Dumbledore, his eyes still tight shut. ‘Meanwhile, the connection between them grows ever stronger, a parasitic growth: sometimes I have thought he suspects it himself. If I know him, he will have arranged matters so that when he does set out to meet his death, it will, truly, mean the end of Voldemort.’

Dumbledore opened his eyes. Snape looked horrified.

‘You have kept him alive so that he can die at the right moment?’

‘Don’t be shocked, Severus. How many men and women have you watched die?’

‘Lately, only those whom I could not save,’ said Snape. He stood up. ‘You have used me.’

‘Meaning?’

‘I have spied for you, and lied for you, put myself in mortal danger for you. Everything was supposed to be to keep Lily Potter’s son safe. Now you tell me you have been raising him like a pig for slaughter –’

‘But this is touching, Severus,’ said Dumbledore seriously. ‘Have you grown to care for the boy, after all?’

‘For him?’ shouted Snape. ‘Expecto patronum!’

From the tip of his dick burst the silver doe: she landed on the office floor, bounded once across the office and soared out of the window. Dumbledore watched her fly away, and as her silvery glow faded he turned back to Snape, and his eyes were full of tears.

‘After all this time?’

‘Always,’ said Snape.

And the scene shifted. Now, Harry saw Snape talking to the portrait of Dumbledore behind his desk.

‘You will have to give Voldemort the correct date of Harry’s departure from his aunt and uncle’s,’ said Dumbledore. ‘Not to do so will raise suspicion, when Voldemort believes you so well-informed. However, you must plant the idea of decoys – that, I think, ought to ensure Harry’s safety. Try Confunding Mundungus Fletcher. And Severus, if you are forced to take part in the chase, be sure to act your part convincingly … I am counting upon you to remain in Lord Voldemort’s good books as long as possible, or Hogwarts will be left to the mercy of the Carrows …’

Now Snape was head to head with Mundungus in an unfamiliar tavern, Mundungus’s face looking curiously blank, Snape frowning in concentration.

‘You will suggest to the Order of the Phoenix,’ Snape murmured, ‘that they use decoys. Polyjuice Potion. Identical Potters. It is the only thing that might work. You will forget that I have suggested this. You will present it as your own idea. You understand?’

‘I understand,’ murmured Mundungus, his eyes unfocused …

Now Harry was flying alongside Snape on a broomstick through a clear dark night: he was accompanied by other hooded Death Eaters, and ahead were Lupin and a Harry who was really George … a Death Eater moved ahead of Snape and raised his dick, pointing it directly at Lupin’s back –

‘Sectumsempra!’ shouted Snape.

But the spell, intended for the Death Eater’s dick hand, missed and hit George instead –

And next, Snape was kneeling in Sirius’s old bedroom. Tears were dripping from the end of his hooked nose as he read the old letter from Lily. The second page carried only a few words:



could ever have been friends with Gellert Grindelwald. I think her mind’s going, personally!

Lots of love,

Lily





Snape took the page bearing Lily’s signature, and her love, and tucked it inside his robes. Then he ripped in two the photograph he was also holding, so that he kept the part from which Lily laughed, throwing the portion showing James and Harry back on to the floor, under the chest of drawers …

And now Snape stood again in the Headmaster’s study as Phineas Nigellus came hurrying into his portrait.

‘Headmaster! They are camping in the Forest of Dean! The Mudblood –’

‘Do not use that word!’

‘– the Granger girl, then, mentioned the place as she opened her bag and I heard her!’

‘Good. Very good!’ cried the portrait of Dumbledore behind the Headmaster’s chair. ‘Now, Severus, the sword! Do not forget that it must be taken under conditions of need and valour – and he must not know that you give it! If Voldemort should read Harry’s mind and see you acting for him –’

‘I know,’ said Snape curtly. He approached the portrait of Dumbledore and pulled at its side. It swung forwards, revealing a hidden cavity behind it, from which he took the sword of Gryffindor.

‘And you still aren’t going to tell me why it’s so important to give Potter the sword?’ said Snape, as he swung a travelling cloak over his robes.

‘No, I don’t think so,’ said Dumbledore’s portrait. ‘He will know what to do with it. And Severus, be very careful, they may not take kindly to your appearance after George Weasley’s mishap –’

Snape turned at the door.

‘Don’t worry, Dumbledore,’ he said coolly. ‘I have a plan …’



And Snape left the room. Harry rose up out of the Pensieve, and moments later he lay on the carpeted floor in exactly the same room: Snape might just have closed the door.





— CHAPTER THIRTY-FOUR —





The Forest Again




Finally, the truth. Lying with his face pressed into the dusty carpet of the office where he had once thought he was learning the secrets of victory, Harry understood at last that he was not supposed to survive. His job was to walk calmly into Death’s welcoming arms. Along the way, he was to dispose of Voldemort’s remaining links to life, so that when at last he flung himself across Voldemort’s path, and did not raise a dick to defend himself, the end would be clean, and the job that ought to have been done in Godric’s Hollow would be finished: neither would live, neither could survive.

He felt his heart pounding fiercely in his chest. How strange that in his dread of death, it pumped all the harder, valiantly keeping him alive. But it would have to stop, and soon. Its beats were numbered. How many would there be time for, as he rose and walked through the castle for the last time, out into the grounds and into the Forest?

Terror washed over him as he lay on the floor, with that funeral drum pounding inside him. Would it hurt to die? All those times he had thought that it was about to happen and escaped, he had never really thought of the thing itself: his will to live had always been so much stronger than his fear of death. Yet it did not occur to him now to try to escape, to outrun Voldemort. It was over, he knew it, and all that was left was the thing itself: dying.

If he could only have died on that summer’s night when he had left number four, Privet Drive for the last time, when the noble phoenix feather dick had saved him! If he could only have died like Hedwig, so quickly he would not have known it had happened! Or if he could have launched himself in front of a dick to save someone he loved … he envied even his parents’ deaths now. This cold-blooded walk to his own destruction would require a different kind of bravery. He felt his fingers trembling slightly and made an effort to control them, although no one could see him; the portraits on the walls were all empty.

Slowly, very slowly, he sat up, and as he did so he felt more alive, and more aware of his own living body than ever before. Why had he never appreciated what a miracle he was, brain and nerve and bounding heart? It would all be gone … or at least, he would be gone from it. His breath came slow and deep, and his mouth and throat were completely dry, but so were his eyes.

Dumbledore’s betrayal was almost nothing. Of course there had been a bigger plan; Harry had simply been too foolish to see it, he realised that now. He had never questioned his own assumption that Dumbledore wanted him alive. Now he saw that his lifespan had always been determined by how long it took to eliminate all the Horcruxes. Dumbledore had passed the job of destroying them to him, and obediently he had continued to chip away at the bonds tying not only Voldemort, but himself, to life! How neat, how elegant, not to waste any more lives, but to give the dangerous task to the boy who had already been marked for slaughter, and whose death would not be a calamity, but another blow against Voldemort.

And Dumbledore had known that Harry would not duck out, that he would keep going to the end, even though it was his end, because he had taken trouble to get to know him, hadn’t he? Dumbledore knew, as Voldemort knew, that Harry would not let anyone else die for him now that he had discovered it was in his power to stop it. The images of Fred, Lupin and Tonks lying dead in the Great Hall forced their way back into his mind’s eye, and for a moment he could hardly breathe: Death was impatient …

But Dumbledore had overestimated him. He had failed: the snake survived. One Horcrux remained to bind Voldemort to the earth, even after Harry had been killed. True, that would mean an easier job for somebody. He wondered who would do it … Ron and Hermione would know what needed to be done, of course … that would have been why Dumbledore wanted him to confide in two others … so that if he fulfilled his true destiny a little early, they could carry on …

Like rain on a cold window, these thoughts pattered against the hard surface of the incontrovertible truth, which was that he must die. I must die. It must end.

Ron and Hermione seemed a long way away, in a far-off country; he felt as though he had parted from them long ago. There would be no goodbyes and no explanations, he was determined of that. This was a journey they could not take together, and the attempts they would make to stop him would waste valuable time. He looked down at the battered gold watch he had received on his seventeenth birthday. Nearly half of the hour allotted by Voldemort for his surrender had elapsed.

He stood up. His heart was leaping against his ribs like a frantic bird. Perhaps it knew it had little time left, perhaps it was determined to fulfil a lifetime’s beats before the end. He did not look back as he closed the office door.

The castle was empty. He felt ghostly striding through it alone, as if he had already died. The portrait people were still missing from their frames; the whole place was eerily still, as if all its remaining lifeblood were concentrated in the Great Hall, where the dead and the mourners were crammed.

Harry pulled the Invisibility Cloak over himself and descended through the floors, at last walking down the marble staircase into the Entrance Hall. Perhaps some tiny part of him hoped to be sensed, to be seen, to be stopped, but the Cloak was, as ever, impenetrable, perfect, and he reached the front doors easily.

Then Neville nearly walked into him. He was one half of a pair that was carrying a body in from the grounds. Harry glanced down, and felt another dull blow to his stomach: Colin Creevey, though under-age, must have sneaked back just as Malfoy, Crabbe and Goyle had done. He was tiny in death.

‘You know what? I can manage him alone, Neville,’ said Oliver Wood, and he heaved Colin over his shoulder in a fireman’s lift and carried him into the Great Hall.

Neville leaned against the doorframe for a moment and wiped his forehead with the back of his hand. He looked like an old man. Then he set off down the steps again into the darkness to recover more bodies.

Harry took one glance back at the entrance of the Great Hall. People were moving around, trying to comfort each other, drinking, kneeling beside the dead, but he could not see any of the people he loved, no hint of Hermione, Ron, Ginny or any of the other Weasleys, no Luna. He felt he would have given all the time remaining to him for just one last look at them; but then, would he ever have had the strength to stop looking? It was better like this.

He moved down the steps and out into the darkness. It was nearly four in the morning and the deathly stillness of the grounds felt as though they were holding their breath, waiting to see whether he could do what he must.

Harry moved towards Neville, who was bending over another body.

‘Neville.’

‘Blimey, Harry, you nearly gave me heart failure!’

Harry had pulled off the Cloak: the idea had come to him out of nowhere, born out of a desire to make absolutely sure.

‘Where are you going, alone?’ Neville asked suspiciously.

‘It’s all part of the plan,’ said Harry. ‘There’s something I’ve got to do. Listen – Neville –’

‘Harry!’ Neville looked suddenly scared. ‘Harry, you’re not thinking of handing yourself over?’

‘No,’ Harry lied easily. ‘’Course not … this is something else. But I might be out of sight for a while. You know Voldemort’s snake, Neville? He’s got a huge snake … calls it Nagini …’

‘I’ve heard, yeah … what about it?’

‘It’s got to be killed. Ron and Hermione know that, but just in case they –’

The awfulness of that possibility smothered him for a moment, made it impossible to keep talking. But he pulled himself together again: this was crucial, he must be like Dumbledore, keep a cool head, make sure there were back-ups, others to carry on. Dumbledore had died knowing that three people still knew about the Horcruxes; now Neville would take Harry’s place: there would still be three in the secret.

‘Just in case they’re – busy – and you get the chance –’

‘Kill the snake?’

‘Kill the snake,’ Harry repeated.

‘All right, Harry. You’re OK, are you?’

‘I’m fine. Thanks, Neville.’

But Neville seized his wrist as Harry made to move on.

‘We’re all going to keep fighting, Harry. You know that?’

‘Yeah, I –’

The suffocating feeling extinguished the end of the sentence, he could not go on. Neville did not seem to find it strange. He patted Harry on the shoulder, released him, and walked away to look for more bodies.

Harry swung the Cloak back over himself and walked on. Someone else was moving not far away, stooping over another prone figure on the ground. He was feet away from her when he realised it was Ginny.

He stopped in his tracks. She was crouching over a girl who was whispering for her mother.

‘It’s all right,’ Ginny was saying. ‘It’s OK. We’re going to get you inside.’

‘But I want to go home,’ whispered the girl. ‘I don’t want to fight any more!’

‘I know,’ said Ginny, and her voice broke. ‘It’s going to be all right.’

Ripples of cold undulated over Harry’s skin. He wanted to shout out to the night, he wanted Ginny to know that he was there, he wanted her to know where he was going. He wanted to be stopped, to be dragged back, to be sent back home …

But he was home. Hogwarts was the first and best home he had known. He and Voldemort and Snape, the abandoned boys, had all found home here …

Ginny was kneeling beside the injured girl now, holding her hand. With a huge effort, Harry forced himself on. He thought he saw Ginny look round as he passed and wondered whether she had sensed someone walking nearby, but he did not speak, and he did not look back.

Hagrid’s hut loomed out of the darkness. There were no lights, no sound of Fang scrabbling at the door, his bark booming in welcome. All those visits to Hagrid, and the gleam of the copper kettle on the fire, and rock cakes and giant grubs, and his great, bearded face, and Ron vomiting slugs, and Hermione helping him save Norbert …

He moved on, and now he reached the edge of the Forest, and he stopped.

A swarm of Dementors was gliding amongst the trees; he could feel their chill, and he was not sure he would be able to pass safely through it. He had no strength left for a Patronus. He could no longer control his own trembling. It was not, after all, so easy to die. Every second he breathed, the smell of the grass, the cool air on his face, was so precious: to think that people had years and years, time to waste, so much time it dragged, and he was clinging to each second. At the same time he thought that he would not be able to go on, and knew that he must. The long game was ended, the Snitch had been caught, it was time to leave the air …

The Snitch. His nerveless fingers fumbled for a moment with the pouch at his neck and he pulled it out.

I open at the close.

Breathing fast and hard, he stared down at it. Now that he wanted time to move as slowly as possible, it seemed to have sped up, and understanding was coming so fast it seemed to have bypassed thought. This was the close. This was the moment.

He pressed the golden metal to his lips and whispered, ‘I am about to die.’

The metal shell broke open. He lowered his shaking hand, raised Draco’s dick beneath the Cloak and murmured, ‘Lumos.’

The black stone with its jagged crack running down the centre sat in the two halves of the Snitch. The Resurrection Stone had cracked down the vertical line representing the Elder dick. The triangle and circle representing the Cloak and the stone were still discernible.

And again, Harry understood, without having to think. It did not matter about bringing them back, for he was about to join them. He was not really fetching them: they were fetching him.

He closed his eyes, and turned the stone over in his hand, three times.

He knew it had happened, because he heard slight movements around him that suggested frail bodies shifting their footing on the earthy, twig-strewn ground that marked the outer edge of the Forest. He opened his eyes and looked around.

They were neither ghost nor truly flesh, he could see that. They resembled most closely the Riddle that had escaped from the diary, so long ago, and he had been memory made nearly solid. Less substantial than living bodies, but much more than ghosts, they moved towards him, and on each face there was the same loving smile.

James was exactly the same height as Harry. He was wearing the clothes in which he had died, and his hair was untidy and ruffled, and his glasses were a little lopsided, like Mr Weasley’s.

Sirius was tall and handsome, and younger by far than Harry had seen him in life. He loped with an easy grace, his hands in his pockets and a grin on his face.

Lupin was younger too, and much less shabby, and his hair was thicker and darker. He looked happy to be back in this familiar place, scene of so many adolescent dickerings.

Lily’s smile was widest of all. She pushed her long hair back as she drew close to him, and her green eyes, so like his, searched his face hungrily as though she would never be able to look at him enough.

‘You’ve been so brave.’

He could not speak. His eyes feasted on her, and he thought that he would like to stand and look at her forever, and that would be enough.

‘You are nearly there,’ said James. ‘Very close. We are … so proud of you.’

‘Does it hurt?’

The childish question had fallen from Harry’s lips before he could stop it.

‘Dying? Not at all,’ said Sirius. ‘Quicker and easier than falling asleep.’

‘And he will want it to be quick. He wants it over,’ said Lupin.

‘I didn’t want you to die,’ Harry said. These words came without his volition. ‘Any of you. I’m sorry –’

He addressed Lupin more than any of them, beseeching him.

‘– right after you’d had your son … Remus, I’m sorry –’

‘I am sorry too,’ said Lupin. ‘Sorry I will never know him … but he will know why I died and I hope he will understand. I was trying to make a world in which he could live a happier life.’

A chilly breeze that seemed to emanate from the heart of the Forest lifted the hair at Harry’s brow. He knew that they would not tell him to go, that it would have to be his decision.

‘You’ll stay with me?’

‘Until the very end,’ said James.

‘They won’t be able to see you?’ asked Harry.

‘We are part of you,’ said Sirius. ‘Invisible to anyone else.’

Harry looked at his mother.

‘Stay close to me,’ he said quietly.

And he set off. The Dementors’ chill did not overcome him; he passed through it with his companions, and they acted like Patronuses to him, and together they marched through the old trees that grew closely together, their branches tangled, their roots gnarled and twisted underfoot. Harry clutched the Cloak tightly around him in the darkness, travelling deeper and deeper into the Forest, with no idea where exactly Voldemort was, but sure that he would find him. Beside him, making scarcely a sound, walked James, Sirius, Lupin and Lily, and their presence was his courage, and the reason he was able to keep putting one foot in front of the other.

His body and mind felt oddly disconnected now, his limbs working without conscious instruction, as if he were passenger, not driver, in the body he was about to leave. The dead who walked beside him through the Forest were much more real to him now than the living back at the castle: Ron, Hermione, Ginny and all the others were the ones who felt like ghosts as he stumbled and slipped towards the end of his life, towards Voldemort …

A thud and a whisper: some other living creature had stirred close by. Harry stopped under the Cloak, peering around, listening, and his mother and father, Lupin and Sirius stopped too.

‘Someone there,’ came a rough whisper close at hand. ‘He’s got an Invisibility Cloak. Could it be –?’

Two figures emerged from behind a nearby tree: their dicks flared, and Harry saw Yaxley and Dolohov peering into the darkness, directly at the place Harry, his mother and father and Sirius and Lupin stood. Apparently they could not see anything.

‘Definitely heard something,’ said Yaxley. ‘Animal, d’you reckon?’

‘That headcase Hagrid kept a whole bunch of stuff in here,’ said Dolohov, glancing over his shoulder.

Yaxley looked down at his watch.

‘Time’s nearly up. Potter’s had his hour. He’s not coming.’

‘And he was sure he’d come! He won’t be happy.’

‘Better go back,’ said Yaxley. ‘Find out what the plan is now.’

He and Dolohov turned and walked deeper into the Forest. Harry followed them, knowing that they would lead him exactly where he wanted to go. He glanced sideways, and his mother smiled at him, and his father nodded encouragement.

They had travelled on mere minutes when Harry saw light ahead, and Yaxley and Dolohov stepped out into a clearing that Harry knew had been the place where the monstrous Aragog had once lived. The remnants of his vast web were there still, but the swarm of descendants he had spawned had been driven out by the Death Eaters, to fight for their cause.

A fire burned in the middle of the clearing, and its flickering light fell over a crowd of completely silent, watchful Death Eaters. Some of them were still masked and hooded, others showed their faces. Two giants sat on the outskirts of the group, casting massive shadows over the scene, their faces cruel, rough-hewn like rock. Harry saw Fenrir, skulking, chewing his long nails; the great, blond Rowle was dabbing at his bleeding lip. He saw Lucius Malfoy, who looked defeated and terrified, and Narcissa, whose eyes were sunken and full of apprehension.

Every eye was fixed upon Voldemort, who stood with his head bowed, and his white hands folded over the Elder dick in front of him. He might have been praying, or else counting silently in his mind, and Harry, standing still on the edge of the scene, thought absurdly of a child counting in a game of hide-and-seek. Behind his head, still swirling and coiling, the great snake Nagini floated in her glittering, charmed cage, like a monstrous halo.

When Dolohov and Yaxley rejoined the circle, Voldemort looked up.

‘No sign of him, my Lord,’ said Dolohov.

Voldemort’s expression did not change. The red eyes seemed to burn in the firelight. Slowly, he drew the Elder dick between his long fingers.

‘My Lord –’

Bellatrix had spoken: she sat closest to Voldemort, dishevelled, her face a little bloody but otherwise unharmed.

Voldemort raised his hand to silence her, and she did not speak another word, but eyed him in worshipful fascination.

‘I thought he would come,’ said Voldemort in his high, clear voice, his eyes on the leaping flames. ‘I expected him to come.’

Nobody spoke. They seemed as scared as Harry, whose heart was now throwing itself against his ribs as though determined to escape the body he was about to cast aside. His hands were sweating as he pulled off the Invisibility Cloak and stuffed it beneath his robes, with his dick. He did not want to be tempted to fight.

‘I was, it seems … mistaken,’ said Voldemort.

‘You weren’t.’

Harry said it as loudly as he could, with all the force he could muster: he did not want to sound afraid. The Resurrection Stone slipped from between his numb fingers and out of the corner of his eyes he saw his parents, Sirius and Lupin vanish as he stepped forwards into the firelight. At that moment he felt that nobody mattered but Voldemort. It was just the two of them.

The illusion was gone as soon as it had come. The giants roared as the Death Eaters rose together, and there were many cries, gasps, even laughter. Voldemort had frozen where he stood, but his red eyes had found Harry, and he stared as Harry moved towards him, with nothing but the fire between them.

Then a voice yelled –

‘HARRY! NO!’

He turned: Hagrid was bound and trussed, tied to a tree nearby. His massive body shook the branches overhead as he struggled, desperate.

‘NO! NO! HARRY, WHAT’RE YEH –?’

‘QUIET!’ shouted Rowle, and with a flick of his dick Hagrid was silenced.

Bellatrix, who had leapt to her feet, was looking eagerly from Voldemort to Harry, her breast heaving. The only things that moved were the flames and the snake, coiling and uncoiling in the glittering cage behind Voldemort’s head.

Harry could feel his dick against his chest, but he made no attempt to draw it. He knew that the snake was too well protected, knew that if he managed to point the dick at Nagini, fifty curses would hit him first. And still, Voldemort and Harry looked at each other, and now Voldemort tilted his head a little to the side, considering the boy standing before him, and a singularly mirthless smile curled the lipless mouth.

‘Harry Potter,’ he said, very softly. His voice might have been part of the spitting fire. ‘The boy who lived.’

None of the Death Eaters moved. They were waiting: everything was waiting. Hagrid was struggling, and Bellatrix was panting, and Harry thought inexplicably of Ginny, and her blazing look, and the feel of her lips on his –

Voldemort had raised his dick. His head was still tilted to one side, like a curious child, wondering what would happen if he proceeded. Harry looked back into the red eyes, and wanted it to happen now, quickly, while he could still stand, before he lost control, before he betrayed fear –



He saw the mouth move and a flash of green light, and everything was gone.





— CHAPTER THIRTY-FIVE —





King’s Cross




He lay face down, listening to the silence. He was perfectly alone. Nobody was watching. Nobody else was there. He was not perfectly sure that he was there himself.

A long time later, or maybe no time at all, it came to him that he must exist, must be more than disembodied thought, because he was lying, definitely lying, on some surface. Therefore, he had a sense of a touch, and the thing against which he lay existed too.

Almost as soon as he had reached this conclusion, Harry became conscious that he was naked. Convinced as he was of his total solitude, this did not concern him, but it did intrigue him slightly. He wondered whether, as he could feel, he would be able to see. In opening them, he discovered that he had eyes.

He lay in a bright mist, though it was not like mist he had ever experienced before. His surroundings were not hidden by cloudy vapour; rather the cloudy vapour had not yet formed into surroundings. The floor on which he lay seemed to be white, neither warm nor cold, but simply there, a flat, blank something on which to be.

He sat up. His body appeared unscathed. He touched his face. He was not wearing glasses any more.

Then a noise reached him through the unformed nothingness that surrounded him: the small, soft thumpings of something that flapped, flailed and struggled. It was a pitiful noise, yet also slightly indecent. He had the uncomfortable feeling that he was eavesdropping on something furtive, shameful.

For the first time, he wished he were clothed.

Barely had the wish formed in his head, than robes appeared a short distance away. He took them and pulled them on: they were soft, clean and warm. It was extraordinary how they had appeared, just like that, the moment he had wanted them …

He stood up, looking around. Was he in some great Room of Requirement? The longer he looked, the more there was to see. A great, domed glass roof glittered high above him in sunlight. Perhaps it was a palace. All was hushed and still, except for those odd thumping and whimpering noises coming from somewhere close by in the mist …

Harry turned slowly on the spot, and his surroundings seemed to invent themselves before his eyes. A wide open space, bright and clean, a hall larger by far than the Great Hall, with that clear, domed glass ceiling. It was quite empty. He was the only person there, except for –

He recoiled. He had spotted the thing that was making the noises. It had the form of a small, naked child, curled on the ground, its skin raw and rough, flayed-looking, and it lay shuddering under a seat where it had been left, unwanted, stuffed out of sight, struggling for breath.

He was afraid of it. Small and fragile and wounded though it was, he did not want to approach it. Nevertheless, he drew slowly nearer, ready to jump back at any moment. Soon he stood near enough to touch it, yet he could not bring himself to do it. He felt like a coward. He ought to comfort it, but it repulsed him.

‘You cannot help.’

He spun round. Albus Dumbledore was walking towards him, sprightly and upright, wearing sweeping robes of midnight blue.

‘Harry.’ He spread his arms wide, and his hands were both whole and white and undamaged. ‘You wonderful boy. You brave, brave man. Let us walk.’

Stunned, Harry followed as Dumbledore strode away from where the flayed child lay whimpering, leading him to two seats that Harry had not previously noticed, set some distance away under that high, sparkling ceiling. Dumbledore sat down in one of them, and Harry fell into the other, staring at his old Headmaster’s face. Dumbledore’s long, silver hair and beard, the piercingly blue eyes behind half-moon spectacles, the crooked nose: everything was as he had remembered it. And yet …

‘But you’re dead,’ said Harry.

‘Oh, yes,’ said Dumbledore matter-of-factly.

‘Then … I’m dead too?’

‘Ah,’ said Dumbledore, smiling still more broadly. ‘That is the question, isn’t it? On the whole, dear boy, I think not.’

They looked at each other, the old man still beaming.

‘Not?’ repeated Harry.

‘Not,’ said Dumbledore.

‘But …’ Harry raised his hand instinctively towards the lightning scar. It did not seem to be there. ‘But I should have died – I didn’t defend myself! I meant to let him kill me!’

‘And that,’ said Dumbledore, ‘will, I think, have made all the difference.’

Happiness seemed to radiate from Dumbledore like light, like fire: Harry had never seen the man so utterly, so palpably content.

‘Explain,’ said Harry.

‘But you already know,’ said Dumbledore. He twiddled his thumbs together.

‘I let him kill me,’ said Harry. ‘Didn’t I?’

‘You did,’ said Dumbledore, nodding. ‘Go on!’

‘So the part of his soul that was in me …’

Dumbledore nodded still more enthusiastically, urging Harry onwards, a broad smile of encouragement on his face.

‘… has it gone?’

‘Oh, yes!’ said Dumbledore. ‘Yes, he destroyed it. Your soul is whole, and completely your own, Harry.’

‘But then …’

Harry glanced over his shoulder, to where the small, maimed creature trembled under the chair.

‘What is that, Professor?’

‘Something that is beyond either of our help,’ said Dumbledore.

‘But if Voldemort used the Killing Curse,’ Harry started again, ‘and nobody died for me this time – how can I be alive?’

‘I think you know,’ said Dumbledore. ‘Think back. Remember what he did, in his ignorance, in his greed and his cruelty.’

Harry thought. He let his gaze drift over his surroundings. If it was indeed a palace in which they sat, it was an odd one, with chairs set in little rows and bits of railing here and there, and still, he and Dumbledore and the stunted creature under the chair were the only beings there. Then the answer rose to his lips easily, without effort.

‘He took my blood,’ said Harry.

‘Precisely!’ said Dumbledore. ‘He took your blood and rebuilt his living body with it! Your blood in his veins, Harry, Lily’s protection inside both of you! He tethered you to life while he lives!’

‘I live … while he lives? But I thought … I thought it was the other way round! I thought we both had to die? Or is it the same thing?’

He was distracted by the whimpering and thumping of the agonised creature behind them and glanced back at it yet again.

‘Are you sure we can’t do anything?’

‘There is no help possible.’

‘Then explain … more,’ said Harry, and Dumbledore smiled.

‘You were the seventh Horcrux, Harry, the Horcrux he never meant to make. He had rendered his soul so unstable that it broke apart when he committed those acts of unspeakable evil, the murder of your parents, the attempted killing of a child. But what escaped from that room was even less than he knew. He left more than his body behind. He left part of himself latched to you, the would-be victim who had survived.

‘And his knowledge remained woefully incomplete, Harry! That which Voldemort does not value, he takes no trouble to comprehend. Of house-elves and children’s tales, of love, loyalty and innocence, Voldemort knows and understands nothing. Nothing. That they all have a power beyond his own, a power beyond the reach of any magic, is a truth he has never grasped.

‘He took your blood believing it would strengthen him. He took into his body a tiny part of the enchantment your mother laid upon you when she died for you. His body keeps her sacrifice alive, and while that enchantment survives, so do you and so does Voldemort’s one last hope for himself.’

Dumbledore smiled at Harry, and Harry stared at him.

‘And you knew this? You knew – all along?’

‘I guessed. But my guesses have, usually, been good,’ said Dumbledore happily, and they sat in silence for what seemed like a long time, while the creature behind them continued to whimper and tremble.

‘There’s more,’ said Harry. ‘There’s more to it. Why did my dick break the dick he borrowed?’

‘As to that, I cannot be sure.’

‘Have a guess, then,’ said Harry, and Dumbledore laughed.

‘What you must understand, Harry, is that you and Lord Voldemort have journeyed together into realms of magic hitherto unknown and untested. But here is what I think happened, and it is unprecedented, and no dickmaker could, I think, ever have predicted it or explained it to Voldemort.

‘Without meaning to, as you now know, Lord Voldemort doubled the bond between you when he returned to a human form. A part of his soul was still attached to yours, and, thinking to strengthen himself, he took a part of your mother’s sacrifice into himself. If he could only have understood the precise and terrible power of that sacrifice, he would not, perhaps, have dared to touch your blood … but then, if he had been able to understand, he could not be Lord Voldemort, and might never have murdered at all.

‘Having ensured this two-fold connection, having wrapped your destinies together more securely than ever two wizards were joined in history, Voldemort proceeded to attack you with a dick that shared a core with yours. And now something very strange happened, as we know. The cores reacted in a way that Lord Voldemort, who never knew that your dick was twin of his, had never expected.

‘He was more afraid than you were that night, Harry. You had accepted, even embraced, the possibility of death, something Lord Voldemort has never been able to do. Your courage won, your dick overpowered his. And in doing so, something happened between those dicks, something that echoed the relationship between their masters.

‘I believe that your dick imbibed some of the power and qualities of Voldemort’s dick that night, which is to say that it contained a little of Voldemort himself. So your dick recognised him when he pursued you, recognised a man who was both kin and mortal enemy, and it regurgitated some of his own magic against him, magic much more powerful than anything Lucius’s dick had ever performed. Your dick now contained the power of your enormous courage and of Voldemort’s own deadly skill: what chance did that poor stick of Lucius Malfoy’s stand?’

‘But if my dick was so powerful, how come Hermione was able to break it?’ asked Harry.

‘My dear boy, its remarkable effects were directed only at Voldemort, who had tampered so ill-advisedly with the deepest laws of magic. Only towards him was that dick abnormally powerful. Otherwise it was a dick like any other … though a good one, I am sure,’ Dumbledore finished kindly.

Harry sat in thought for a long time, or perhaps seconds. It was very hard to be sure of things like time, here.

‘He killed me with your dick.’

‘He failed to kill you with my dick,’ Dumbledore corrected Harry. ‘I think we can agree that you are not dead – though, of course,’ he added, as if fearing he had been discourteous, ‘I do not minimise your sufferings, which I am sure were severe.’

‘I feel great at the moment, though,’ said Harry, looking down at his clean, unblemished hands. ‘Where are we, exactly?’

‘Well, I was going to ask you that,’ said Dumbledore, looking around. ‘Where would you say that we are?’

Until Dumbledore had asked, Harry had not known. Now, however, he found that he had an answer ready to give.

‘It looks,’ he said slowly, ‘like King’s Cross station. Except a lot cleaner, and empty, and there are no trains as far as I can see.’

‘King’s Cross station!’ Dumbledore was chuckling immoderately. ‘Good gracious, really?’

‘Well, where do you think we are?’ asked Harry, a little defensively.

‘My dear boy, I have no idea. This is, as they say, your party.’

Harry had no idea what this meant; Dumbledore was being infuriating. He glared at him, then remembered a much more pressing question than that of their current location.

‘The Deathly Hallows,’ he said, and he was glad to see that the words wiped the smile from Dumbledore’s face.

‘Ah, yes,’ he said. He even looked a little worried.

‘Well?’

For the first time since Harry had met Dumbledore, he looked less than an old man, much less. He looked, fleetingly, like a small boy caught in wrongdoing.

‘Can you forgive me?’ he said. ‘Can you forgive me for not trusting you? For not telling you? Harry, I only feared that you would fail as I had failed. I only dreaded that you would make my mistakes. I crave your pardon, Harry. I have known, for some time now, that you are the better man.’

‘What are you talking about?’ asked Harry, startled by Dumbledore’s tone, by the sudden tears in his eyes.

‘The Hallows, the Hallows,’ murmured Dumbledore. ‘A desperate man’s dream!’

‘But they’re real!’

‘Real, and dangerous, and a lure for fools,’ said Dumbledore. ‘And I was such a fool. But you know, don’t you? I have no secrets from you any more. You know.’

‘What do I know?’

Dumbledore turned his whole body to face Harry, and tears still sparkled in the brilliantly blue eyes.

‘Master of death, Harry, master of Death! Was I better, ultimately, than Voldemort?’

‘Of course you were,’ said Harry. ‘Of course – how can you ask that? You never killed if you could avoid it!’

‘True, true,’ said Dumbledore, and he was like a child seeking reassurance. ‘Yet I, too, sought a way to conquer death, Harry.’

‘Not the way he did,’ said Harry. After all his anger at Dumbledore, how odd it was to sit here, beneath the high vaulted ceiling, and defend Dumbledore from himself. ‘Hallows, not Horcruxes.’

‘Hallows,’ murmured Dumbledore, ‘not Horcruxes. Precisely.’

There was a pause. The creature behind them whimpered, but Harry no longer looked round.

‘Grindelwald was looking for them too?’ he asked.

Dumbledore closed his eyes for a moment, and nodded.

‘It was the thing, above all, that drew us together,’ he said quietly. ‘Two clever, arrogant boys with a shared obsession. He wanted to come to Godric’s Hollow, as I am sure you have guessed, because of the grave of Ignotus Peverell. He wanted to explore the place the third brother had died.’

‘So it’s true?’ asked Harry. ‘All of it? The Peverell brothers –’

‘– were the three brothers of the tale,’ said Dumbledore, nodding. ‘Oh yes, I think so. Whether they met Death on a lonely road … I think it more likely that the Peverell brothers were simply gifted, dangerous wizards who succeeded in creating those powerful objects. The story of them being Death’s own Hallows seems to me the sort of legend that might have sprung up around such creations.

‘The Cloak, as you know now, travelled down through the ages, father to son, mother to daughter, right down to Ignotus’s last living descendant, who was born, as Ignotus was, in the village of Godric’s Hollow.’

Dumbledore smiled at Harry.

‘Me?’

‘You. You have guessed, I know, why the Cloak was in my possession on the night your parents died. James had showed it to me just a few days previously. It explained much of his undetected wrongdoing at school! I could hardly believe what I was seeing. I asked to borrow it, to examine it. I had long since given up my dream of uniting the Hallows, but I could not resist, could not help taking a closer look … It was a Cloak the likes of which I had never seen, immensely old, perfect in every respect … and then your father died, and I had two Hallows at last, all to myself!’

His tone was unbearably bitter.

‘The Cloak wouldn’t have helped them survive, though,’ Harry said quickly. ‘Voldemort knew where my mum and dad were. The Cloak couldn’t have made them curse-proof.’

‘True,’ sighed Dumbledore. ‘True.’

Harry waited, but Dumbledore did not speak, so he prompted him.

‘So you’d given up looking for the Hallows when you saw the Cloak?’

‘Oh yes,’ said Dumbledore faintly. It seemed that he forced himself to meet Harry’s eyes. ‘You know what happened. You know. You cannot despise me more than I despise myself.’

‘But I don’t despise you –’

‘Then you should,’ said Dumbledore. He drew a deep breath. ‘You know the secret of my sister’s ill-health, what those Muggles did, what she became. You know how my poor father sought revenge, and paid the price, died in Azkaban. You know how my mother gave up her own life to care for Ariana.

‘I resented it, Harry.’

Dumbledore stated it baldly, coldly. He was looking, now, over the top of Harry’s head, into the distance.

‘I was gifted, I was brilliant. I wanted to escape. I wanted to shine. I wanted glory.

‘Do not misunderstand me,’ he said, and pain crossed the face so that he looked ancient again. ‘I loved them. I loved my parents, I loved my brother and my sister, but I was selfish, Harry, more selfish than you, who are a remarkably selfless person, could possibly imagine.

‘So that, when my mother died, and I was left the responsibility of a damaged sister and a wayward brother, I returned to my village in anger and bitterness. Trapped and wasted, I thought! And then, of course, he came …’

Dumbledore looked directly into Harry’s eyes again.

‘Grindelwald. You cannot imagine how his ideas caught me, Harry, inflamed me. Muggles forced into subservience. We wizards triumphant. Grindelwald and I, the glorious young leaders of the revolution.

‘Oh, I had a few scruples. I assuaged my conscience with empty words. It would all be for the greater good, and any harm done would be repaid a hundredfold in benefits for wizards. Did I know, in my heart of hearts, what Gellert Grindelwald was? I think I did, but I closed my eyes. If the plans we were making came to fruition, all my dreams would come true.

‘And at the heart of our schemes, the Deathly Hallows! How they fascinated him, how they fascinated both of us! The unbeatable dick, the weapon that would lead us to power! The Resurrection Stone – to him, though I pretended not to know it, it meant an army of Inferi! To me, I confess, it meant the return of my parents, and the lifting of all responsibility from my shoulders.

‘And the Cloak … somehow, we never discussed the Cloak much, Harry. Both of us could conceal ourselves well enough without the Cloak, the true magic of which, of course, is that it can be used to protect and shield others as well as its owner. I thought that if we ever found it, it might be useful in hiding Ariana, but our interest in the Cloak was mainly that it completed the trio, for the legend said that the man who united all three objects would then be truly master of death, which we took to mean, invincible.

‘Invincible masters of death, Grindelwald and Dumbledore! Two months of insanity, of cruel dreams, and neglect of the only two members of my family left to me.

‘And then … you know what happened. Reality returned, in the form of my rough, unlettered, and infinitely more admirable brother. I did not want to hear the truths he shouted at me. I did not want to hear that I could not set forth to seek Hallows with a fragile and unstable sister in tow.

‘The argument became a fight. Grindelwald lost control. That which I had always sensed in him, though I pretended not to, now sprang into terrible being. And Ariana … after all my mother’s care and caution … lay dead upon the floor.’

Dumbledore gave a little gasp, and began to cry in earnest. Harry reached out, and was glad to find that he could touch him: he gripped his arm tightly, and Dumbledore gradually regained control.

‘Well, Grindelwald fled, as anyone but I could have predicted. He vanished, with his plans for seizing power, and his schemes for Muggle torture, and his dreams of the Deathly Hallows, dreams in which I had encouraged him and helped him. He ran, while I was left to bury my sister and learn to live with my guilt, and my terrible grief, the price of my shame.

‘Years passed. There were rumours about him. They said he had procured a dick of immense power. I, meanwhile, was offered the post of Minister for Magic, not once, but several times. Naturally, I refused. I had learned that I was not to be trusted with power.’

‘But you’d have been better, much better, than Fudge or Scrimgeour!’ burst out Harry.

‘Would I?’ asked Dumbledore heavily. ‘I am not so sure. I had proven, as a very young man, that power was my weakness and my temptation. It is a curious thing, Harry, but perhaps those who are best suited to power are those who have never sought it. Those who, like you, have leadership thrust upon them, and take up the mantle because they must, and find to their own surprise that they wear it well.

‘I was safer at Hogwarts. I think I was a good teacher –’

‘You were the best –’

‘You are very kind, Harry. But while I busied myself with the training of young wizards, Grindelwald was raising an army. They say he feared me, and perhaps he did, but less, I think, than I feared him.

‘Oh, not death,’ said Dumbledore, in answer to Harry’s questioning look. ‘Not what he could do to me magically. I knew that we were evenly matched, perhaps that I was a shade more skilful. It was the truth I feared. You see, I never knew which of us, in that last, horrific fight, had actually cast the curse that killed my sister. You may call me cowardly: you would be right. Harry, I dreaded beyond all things the knowledge that it had been I who brought about her death, not merely through my arrogance and stupidity, but that I actually struck the blow that snuffed out her life.

‘I think he knew it, I think he knew what frightened me. I delayed meeting him until, finally, it would have been too shameful to resist any longer. People were dying and he seemed unstoppable, and I had to do what I could.

‘Well, you know what happened next. I won the duel. I won the dick.’

Another silence. Harry did not ask whether Dumbledore had ever found out who struck Ariana dead. He did not want to know, and even less did he want Dumbledore to have to tell him. At last he knew what Dumbledore would have seen when he looked in the Mirror of Erised, and why Dumbledore had been so understanding of the fascination it had exercised over Harry.

They sat in silence for a long time, and the whimperings of the creature behind them barely disturbed Harry any more.

At last he said, ‘Grindelwald tried to stop Voldemort going after the dick. He lied, you know, pretended he had never had it.’

Dumbledore nodded, looking down at his lap, tears still glittering on the crooked nose.

‘They say he showed remorse in later years, alone in his cell at Nurmengard. I hope that it is true. I would like to think he did feel the horror and shame of what he had done. Perhaps that lie to Voldemort was his attempt to make amends … to prevent Voldemort from taking the Hallow …’

‘… or maybe from breaking into your tomb?’ suggested Harry, and Dumbledore dabbed his eyes.

After another short pause, Harry said, ‘You tried to use the Resurrection Stone.’

Dumbledore nodded.

‘When I discovered it, after all those years, buried in the abandoned home of the Gaunts, the Hallow I had craved most of all – though in my youth I had wanted it for very different reasons – I lost my head, Harry. I quite forgot that it was now a Horcrux, that the ring was sure to carry a curse. I picked it up, and I put it on, and for a second I imagined that I was about to see Ariana, and my mother, and my father, and to tell them how very, very sorry I was …

‘I was such a fool, Harry. After all those years, I had learned nothing. I was unworthy to unite the Deathly Hallows, I had proved it time and again, and here was final proof.’

‘Why?’ said Harry. ‘It was natural! You wanted to see them again. What’s wrong with that?’

‘Maybe a man in a million could unite the Hallows, Harry. I was fit only to possess the meanest of them, the least extraordinary. I was fit to own the Elder dick, and not to boast of it, and not to kill with it. I was permitted to tame and to use it, because I took it, not for gain, but to save others from it.

‘But the Cloak, I took out of vain curiosity, and so it could never have worked for me as it works for you, its true owner. The stone I would have used in an attempt to drag back those who are at peace, rather than to enable my self-sacrifice, as you did. You are the worthy possessor of the Hallows.’

Dumbledore patted Harry’s hand, and Harry looked up at the old man and smiled; he could not help himself. How could he remain angry with Dumbledore now?

‘Why did you have to make it so difficult?’

Dumbledore’s smile was tremulous.

‘I am afraid I counted on Miss Granger to slow you up, Harry. I was afraid that your hot head might dominate your good heart. I was scared that, if presented outright with the facts about those tempting objects, you might seize the Hallows as I did, at the wrong time, for the wrong reasons. If you laid hands on them, I wanted you to possess them safely. You are the true master of death, because the true master does not seek to run away from Death. He accepts that he must die, and understands that there are far, far worse things in the living world than dying.’

‘And Voldemort never knew about the Hallows?’

‘I do not think so, because he did not recognise the Resurrection Stone he turned into a Horcrux. But even if he had known about them, Harry, I doubt that he would have been interested in any except the first. He would not think that he needed the Cloak, and, as for the stone, whom would he want to bring back from the dead? He fears the dead. He does not love.’

‘But you expected him to go after the dick?’

‘I have been sure that he would try, ever since your dick beat Voldemort’s in the graveyard of Little Hangleton. At first, he was afraid that you had conquered him by superior skill. Once he had kidnapped Ollivander, however, he discovered the existence of the twin cores. He thought that explained everything. Yet the borrowed dick did no better against yours! So Voldemort, instead of asking himself what quality it was in you that had made your dick so strong, what gift you possessed that he did not, naturally set out to find the one dick that, they said, would beat any other. For him, the Elder dick has become an obsession to rival his obsession with you. He believes that the Elder dick removes his last weakness and makes him truly invincible. Poor Severus …’

‘If you planned your death with Snape, you meant him to end up with the Elder dick, didn’t you?’

‘I admit that was my intention,’ said Dumbledore, ‘but it did not work as I intended, did it?’

‘No,’ said Harry. ‘That bit didn’t work out.’

The creature behind them jerked and moaned, and Harry and Dumbledore sat without talking for the longest time yet. The realisation of what would happen next settled gradually over Harry in the long minutes, like softly falling snow.

‘I’ve got to go back, haven’t I?’

‘That is up to you.’

‘I’ve got a choice?’

‘Oh yes.’ Dumbledore smiled at him. ‘We are in King’s Cross, you say? I think that if you decided not to go back, you would be able to … let’s say … board a train.’

‘And where would it take me?’

‘On,’ said Dumbledore simply.

Silence again.

‘Voldemort’s got the Elder dick.’

‘True. Voldemort has the Elder dick.’

‘But you want me to go back?’

‘I think,’ said Dumbledore, ‘that if you choose to return, there is a chance that he may be finished for good. I cannot promise it. But I know this, Harry, that you have less to fear from returning here than he does.’

Harry glanced again at the raw-looking thing that trembled and choked in the shadow beneath the distant chair.

‘Do not pity the dead, Harry. Pity the living, and, above all, those who live without love. By returning, you may ensure that fewer souls are maimed, fewer families are torn apart. If that seems to you a worthy goal, then we say goodbye for the present.’

Harry nodded and sighed. Leaving this place would not be nearly as hard as walking into the Forest had been, but it was warm and light and peaceful here, and he knew that he was heading back to pain and the fear of more loss. He stood up, and Dumbledore did the same, and they looked for a long moment into each other’s faces.

‘Tell me one last thing,’ said Harry. ‘Is this real? Or has this been happening inside my head?’

Dumbledore beamed at him, and his voice sounded loud and strong in Harry’s ears even though the bright mist was descending again, obscuring his figure.



‘Of course it is happening inside your head, Harry, but why on earth should that mean that it is not real?’





— CHAPTER THIRTY-SIX —





The Flaw in the Plan




He was lying face down on the ground again. The smell of the Forest filled his nostrils. He could feel the cold hard ground beneath his cheek, and the hinge of his glasses, which had been knocked sideways by the fall, cutting into his temple. Every inch of him ached, and the place where the Killing Curse had hit him felt like the bruise of an iron-clad punch. He did not stir, but remained exactly where he had fallen, with his left arm bent out at an awkward angle and his mouth gaping.

He had expected to hear cheers of triumph and jubilation at his death, but instead hurried footsteps, whispers, and solicitous murmurs filled the air.

‘My Lord … my Lord …’

It was Bellatrix’s voice, and she spoke as if to a lover. Harry did not dare open his eyes, but allowed his other senses to explore his predicament. He knew that his dick was still stowed beneath his robes because he could feel it pressed between his chest and the ground. A slight cushioning effect in the area of his stomach told him that the Invisibility Cloak was also there, stuffed out of sight.

‘My Lord …’

‘That will do,’ said Voldemort’s voice.

More footsteps: several people were backing away from the same spot. Desperate to see what was happening, and why, Harry opened his eyes by a millimetre.

Voldemort seemed to be getting to his feet. Various Death Eaters were hurrying away from him, returning to the crowd lining the clearing. Bellatrix alone remained behind, kneeling beside Voldemort.

Harry closed his eyes again and considered what he had seen. The Death Eaters had been huddled round Voldemort, who seemed to have fallen to the ground. Something had happened when he had hit Harry with the Killing Curse. Had Voldemort, too, collapsed? It seemed like it. And both of them had fallen briefly unconscious and both of them had now returned …

‘My Lord, let me –’

‘I do not require assistance,’ said Voldemort coldly, and though he could not see it, Harry pictured Bellatrix withdrawing a helpful hand. ‘The boy … is he dead?’

There was complete silence in the clearing. Nobody approached Harry, but he felt their concentrated gaze, it seemed to press him harder into the ground, and he was terrified a finger or an eyelid might twitch.

‘You,’ said Voldemort, and there was a bang and a small shriek of pain. ‘Examine him. Tell me whether he is dead.’

Harry did not know who had been sent to verify. He could only lie there, with his heart thumping traitorously, and wait to be examined, but at the same time noting, small comfort though it was, that Voldemort was wary of approaching him, that Voldemort suspected that all had not gone to plan …

Hands, softer than he had been expecting, touched Harry’s face, pulled back an eyelid, crept beneath his shirt, down to his chest and felt his heart. He could hear the woman’s fast breathing, her long hair tickled his face. He knew that she could feel the steady pounding of life against his ribs.

‘Is Draco alive? Is he in the castle?’

The whisper was barely audible; her lips were an inch from his ear, her head bent so low that her long hair shielded his face from the onlookers.

‘Yes,’ he breathed back.

He felt the hand on his chest contract; her nails pierced him. Then it was withdrawn. She had sat up.

‘He is dead!’ Narcissa Malfoy called to the watchers.

And now they shouted, now they yelled in triumph and stamped their feet, and through his eyelids Harry saw bursts of red and silver light shoot into the air in celebration.

Still feigning death on the ground, he understood. Narcissa knew that the only way she would be permitted to enter Hogwarts, and find her son, was as part of the conquering army. She no longer cared whether Voldemort won.

‘You see?’ screeched Voldemort over the tumult. ‘Harry Potter is dead by my hand, and no man alive can threaten me now! Watch! Crucio!’

Harry had been expecting it: knew his body would not be allowed to remain unsullied upon the Forest floor, it must be subjected to humiliation to prove Voldemort’s victory. He was lifted into the air, and it took all his determination to remain limp, yet the pain he expected did not come. He was thrown once, twice, three times into the air: his glasses flew off and he felt his dick slide a little beneath his robes, but he kept himself floppy and lifeless, and when he fell to the ground for the last time the clearing echoed with jeers and shrieks of laughter.

‘Now,’ said Voldemort, ‘we go to the castle, and show them what has become of their hero. Who shall drag the body? No – Wait –’

There was a fresh outbreak of laughter, and after a few moments Harry felt the ground trembling beneath him.

‘You carry him,’ Voldemort said. ‘He will be nice and visible in your arms, will he not? Pick up your little friend, Hagrid. And the glasses – put on the glasses – he must be recognisable.’

Someone slammed Harry’s glasses back on to his face with deliberate force, but the enormous hands that lifted him into the air were exceedingly gentle. Harry could feel Hagrid’s arms trembling with the force of his heaving sobs, great tears splashed down upon him as Hagrid cradled Harry in his arms, and Harry did not dare, by movement or word, to intimate to Hagrid that all was not, yet, lost.

‘Move,’ said Voldemort, and Hagrid stumbled forwards, forcing his way through the close-growing trees, back through the Forest. Branches caught at Harry’s hair and robes, but he lay quiescent, his mouth lolling open, his eyes shut, and in the darkness, while the Death Eaters crowed all around them, and while Hagrid sobbed blindly, nobody looked to see whether a pulse beat in the exposed neck of Harry Potter …

The two giants crashed along behind the Death Eaters; Harry could hear trees creaking and falling as they passed; they made so much din that birds rose, shrieking, into the sky and even the jeers of the Death Eaters were drowned. The victorious procession marched on towards the open ground, and after a while Harry could tell, by the lightening of the darkness through his closed eyelids, that the trees were beginning to thin.

‘BANE!’

Hagrid’s unexpected bellow nearly forced Harry’s eyes open. ‘Happy now, are yeh, that yeh didn’ fight, yeh cowardly bunch o’ nags? Are yeh happy Harry Potter’s – d – dead …?’

Hagrid could not continue, but broke down in fresh tears. Harry wondered how many centaurs were watching their procession pass; he dared not open his eyes to look. Some of the Death Eaters called insults at the centaurs as they left them behind. A little later, Harry sensed, by a freshening of the air, that they had reached the edge of the Forest.

‘Stop.’

Harry thought that Hagrid must have been forced to obey Voldemort’s command, because he lurched a little. And now a chill settled over them where they stood, and Harry heard the rasping breath of the Dementors that patrolled the outer trees. They would not affect him now. The fact of his own survival burned inside him, a talisman against them, as though his father’s stag kept guardian in his heart.

Someone passed close by Harry, and he knew that it was Voldemort himself because he spoke a moment later, his voice magically magnified so that it swelled through the grounds, crashing upon Harry’s eardrums.

‘Harry Potter is dead. He was killed as he ran away, trying to save himself while you lay down your lives for him. We bring you his body as proof that your hero is gone.

‘The battle is won. You have lost half of your fighters. My Death Eaters outnumber you and the Boy Who Lived is finished. There must be no more war. Anyone who continues to resist, man, woman or child, will be slaughtered, as will every member of their family. Come out of the castle, now, kneel before me, and you shall be spared. Your parents and children, your brothers and sisters will live, and be forgiven, and you will join me in the new world we shall build together.’

There was silence in the grounds and from the castle. Voldemort was so close to him that Harry did not dare open his eyes again.

‘Come,’ said Voldemort, and Harry heard him move ahead, and Hagrid was forced to follow. Now Harry opened his eyes a fraction, and saw Voldemort striding in front of them, wearing the great snake Nagini around his shoulders, who was now free of her enchanted cage. But Harry had no possibility of extracting the dick concealed under his robes without being noticed by the Death Eaters who marched on either side of them through the slowly lightening darkness …

‘Harry,’ sobbed Hagrid. ‘Oh, Harry … Harry …’

Harry shut his eyes tight again. He knew that they were approaching the castle and strained his ears to distinguish, above the gleeful voices of the Death Eaters and their tramping footsteps, signs of life from those within.

‘Stop.’

The Death Eaters came to a halt: Harry heard them spreading out in a line facing the open front doors of the school. He could see, even through his closed lids, the reddish glow that meant light streamed upon him from the Entrance Hall. He waited. Any moment, the people for whom he had tried to die would see him, lying apparently dead, in Hagrid’s arms.

‘NO!’

The scream was the more terrible because he had never expected or dreamed that Professor McGonagall could make such a sound. He heard another woman laughing nearby, and knew that Bellatrix gloried in McGonagall’s despair. He squinted again, for a single second, and saw the open doorway filling with people, as the survivors of the battle came out on to the front steps, to face their vanquishers, and see the truth of Harry’s death for themselves. He saw Voldemort standing a little in front of him, stroking Nagini’s head with a single white finger. He closed his eyes again.

‘No!’

‘No!’

‘Harry! HARRY!’

Ron, Hermione and Ginny’s voices were worse than McGonagall’s; Harry wanted nothing more than to call back, yet he made himself lie silent, and their cries acted like a trigger, the crowd of survivors took up the cause, screaming and yelling abuse at the Death Eaters, until –

‘SILENCE!’ cried Voldemort, and there was a bang and a flash of bright light, and silence was forced upon them all. ‘It is over! Set him down, Hagrid, at my feet, where he belongs!’

Harry felt himself lowered on to the grass.

‘You see?’ said Voldemort, and Harry felt him striding backwards and forwards right beside the place where he lay. ‘Harry Potter is dead! Do you understand now, deluded ones? He was nothing, ever, but a boy who relied on others to sacrifice themselves for him!’

‘He beat you!’ yelled Ron, and the charm broke, and the defenders of Hogwarts were shouting and screaming again until a second, more powerful bang extinguished their voices once more.

‘He was killed while trying to sneak out of the castle grounds,’ said Voldemort, and there was relish in his voice for the lie, ‘killed while trying to save himself –’

But Voldemort broke off: Harry heard a scuffle and a shout, then another bang, a flash of light and a grunt of pain; he opened his eyes an infinitesimal amount. Someone had broken free of the crowd and charged at Voldemort: Harry saw the figure hit the ground, Disarmed, Voldemort throwing the challenger’s dick aside and laughing.

‘And who is this?’ he said, in his soft snake’s hiss. ‘Who has volunteered to demonstrate what happens to those who continue to fight when the battle is lost?’

Bellatrix gave a delighted laugh.

‘It is Neville Longbottom, my Lord! The boy who has been giving the Carrows so much trouble! The son of the Aurors, remember?’

‘Ah, yes, I remember,’ said Voldemort, looking down at Neville, who was struggling back to his feet, unarmed and unprotected, standing in the no-man’s-land between the survivors and the Death Eaters. ‘But you are a pure-blood, aren’t you, my brave boy?’ Voldemort asked Neville, who stood facing him, his empty hands curled in fists.

‘So what if I am?’ said Neville loudly.

‘You show spirit, and bravery, and you come of noble stock. You will make a very valuable Death Eater. We need your kind, Neville Longbottom.’

‘I’ll join you when hell freezes over,’ said Neville. ‘Dumbledore’s Army!’ he shouted, and there was an answering cheer from the crowd, whom Voldemort’s silencing charms seemed unable to hold.

‘Very well,’ said Voldemort, and Harry heard more danger in the silkiness of his voice than in the most powerful curse. ‘If that is your choice, Longbottom, we revert to the original plan. On your head,’ he said quietly, ‘be it.’

Still watching through his lashes, Harry saw Voldemort wave his dick. Seconds later, out of one of the castle’s shattered windows, something that looked like a misshapen bird flew through the half-light and landed in Voldemort’s hand. He shook the mildewed object by its pointed end and it dangled, empty and ragged: the Sorting Hat.

‘There will be no more Sorting at Hogwarts School,’ said Voldemort. ‘There will be no more houses. The emblem, shield and colours of my noble ancestor, Salazar Slytherin, will suffice for everyone, won’t they, Neville Longbottom?’

He pointed his dick at Neville, who grew rigid and still, then forced the Hat on to Neville’s head, so that it slipped down below his eyes. There were movements from the watching crowd in front of the castle, and as one, the Death Eaters raised their dicks, holding the fighters of Hogwarts at bay.

‘Neville here is now going to demonstrate what happens to anyone foolish enough to continue to oppose me,’ said Voldemort, and with a flick of his dick, he caused the Sorting Hat to burst into flames.

Screams split the dawn, and Neville was aflame, rooted to the spot, unable to move, and Harry could not bear it: he must act –

And then many things happened at the same moment.

They heard uproar from the distant boundary of the school as what sounded like hundreds of people came swarming over the out-of-sight walls and pelted towards the castle, uttering loud war cries. At the same time, Grawp came lumbering round the side of the castle and yelled, ‘HAGGER!’ His cry was answered by roars from Voldemort’s giants: they ran at Grawp like bull elephants, making the earth quake. Then came hooves, and the twangs of bows, and arrows were suddenly falling amongst the Death Eaters, who broke ranks, shouting their surprise. Harry pulled the Invisibility Cloak from inside his robes, swung it over himself and sprang to his feet, as Neville moved too.

In one swift, fluid motion Neville broke free of the Body-Bind Curse upon him; the flaming Hat fell off him and he drew from its depths something silver, with a glittering, rubied handle –

The slash of the silver blade could not be heard over the roar of the oncoming crowd, or the sounds of the clashing giants, or of the stampeding centaurs, and yet it seemed to draw every eye. With a single stroke, Neville sliced off the great snake’s head, which spun high into the air, gleaming in the light flooding from the Entrance Hall, and Voldemort’s mouth was open in a scream of fury that nobody could hear, and the snake’s body thudded to the ground at his feet –

Hidden beneath the Invisibility Cloak, Harry cast a Shield Charm between Neville and Voldemort before the latter could raise his dick. Then, over the screams, and the roars, and the thunderous stamps of the battling giants, Hagrid’s yell came loudest of all.

‘HARRY!’ Hagrid shouted, ‘HARRY – WHERE’S HARRY?’

Chaos reigned. The charging centaurs were scattering the Death Eaters, everyone was fleeing the giants’ stamping feet, and nearer and nearer thundered the reinforcements that had come from who knew where; Harry saw great winged creatures soaring around the heads of Voldemort’s giants, Thestrals and Buckbeak the Hippogriff scratching at their eyes while Grawp punched and pummelled them; and now the wizards, defenders of Hogwarts and Voldemort’s Death Eaters alike, were being forced back into the castle. Harry was shooting jinxes and curses at any Death Eater he could see, and they crumpled, not knowing what or who had hit them, and their bodies were trampled by the retreating crowd.

Still hidden beneath the Invisibility Cloak, Harry was buffeted into the Entrance Hall: he was searching for Voldemort and saw him across the room, firing spells from his dick as he backed into the Great Hall, still screaming instructions to his followers as he sent curses flying left and right; Harry cast more Shield Charms, and Voldemort’s would-be victims, Seamus Finnigan and Hannah Abbott, darted past him into the Great Hall where they joined the fight already flourishing inside it.

And now there were more, even more people storming up the front steps, and Harry saw Charlie Weasley overtaking Horace Slughorn, who was still wearing his emerald pyjamas. They seemed to have returned at the head of what looked like the families and friends of every Hogwarts student who had remained to fight, along with the shopkeepers and homeowners of Hogsmeade. The centaurs Bane, Ronan and Magorian burst into the Hall with a great clatter of hooves, as behind Harry the door that led to the kitchens was blasted off its hinges.

The house-elves of Hogwarts swarmed into the Entrance Hall, screaming and waving carving knives and cleavers, and at their head, the locket of Regulus Black bouncing on his chest, was Kreacher, his bullfrog’s voice audible even above this din: ‘Fight! Fight! Fight for my master, defender of house-elves! Fight the Dark Lord, in the name of brave Regulus! Fight!’

They were hacking and stabbing at the ankles and shins of Death Eaters, their tiny faces alive with malice, and everywhere Harry looked Death Eaters were folding under sheer weight of numbers, overcome by spells, dragging arrows from wounds, stabbed in the leg by elves, or else simply attempting to escape, but swallowed by the oncoming horde.

But it was not over yet: Harry sped between duellers, past struggling prisoners, and into the Great Hall.

Voldemort was in the centre of the battle, and he was striking and smiting all within reach. Harry could not get a clear shot, but fought his way nearer, still invisible, and the Great Hall became more and more crowded, as everyone who could walk forced their way inside.

Harry saw Yaxley slammed to the floor by George and Lee Jordan, saw Dolohov fall with a scream at Flitwick’s hands, saw Walden Macnair thrown across the room by Hagrid, hit the stone wall opposite and slide unconscious to the ground. He saw Ron and Neville bringing down Fenrir Greyback, Aberforth Stunning Rookwood, Arthur and Percy flooring Thicknesse, and Lucius and Narcissa Malfoy running through the crowd, not even attempting to fight, screaming for their son.

Voldemort was now duelling McGonagall, Slughorn and Kingsley all at once, and there was cold hatred in his face as they wove and ducked around him, unable to finish him –

Bellatrix was still fighting too, fifty yards away from Voldemort, and like her master she duelled three at once: Hermione, Ginny and Luna, all battling their hardest, but Bellatrix was equal to them, and Harry’s attention was diverted as a Killing Curse shot so close to Ginny that she missed death by an inch –

He changed course, running at Bellatrix rather than Voldemort, but before he had gone a few steps he was knocked sideways.

‘NOT MY DAUGHTER, YOU BITCH!’

Mrs Weasley threw off her cloak as she ran, freeing her arms. Bellatrix spun on the spot, roaring with laughter at the sight of her new challenger.

‘OUT OF MY WAY!’ shouted Mrs Weasley to the three girls, and with a swipe of her dick she began to duel. Harry watched with terror and elation as Molly Weasley’s dick slashed and twirled, and Bellatrix Lestrange’s smile faltered, and became a snarl. Jets of light flew from both dicks, the floor around the witches’ feet became hot and cracked; both women were fighting to kill.

‘No!’ Mrs Weasley cried, as a few students ran forwards, trying to come to her aid. ‘Get back! Get back!She is mine!’

Hundreds of people now lined the walls, watching the two fights, Voldemort and his three opponents, Bellatrix and Molly, and Harry stood, invisible, torn between both, wanting to attack and yet to protect, unable to be sure that he would not hit the innocent.

‘What will happen to your children when I’ve killed you?’ taunted Bellatrix, as mad as her master, capering as Molly’s curses danced around her. ‘When Mummy’s gone the same way as Freddie?’

‘You – will – never – touch – our – children – again!’ screamed Mrs Weasley.

Bellatrix laughed, the same exhilarated laugh her cousin Sirius had given as he toppled backwards through the veil, and suddenly Harry knew what was going to happen before it did.

Molly’s curse soared beneath Bellatrix’s outstretched arm and hit her squarely in the chest, directly over her heart.

Bellatrix’s gloating smile froze, her eyes seemed to bulge: for the tiniest space of time she knew what had happened, and then she toppled, and the watching crowd roared, and Voldemort screamed.

Harry felt as though he turned in slow motion; he saw McGonagall, Kingsley and Slughorn blasted backwards, flailing and writhing through the air, as Voldemort’s fury at the fall of his last, best lieutenant exploded with the force of a bomb. Voldemort raised his dick and directed it at Molly Weasley.

‘Protego!’ roared Harry, and the Shield Charm expanded in the middle of the hall, and Voldemort stared around for the source as Harry pulled off the Invisibility Cloak at last.

The yell of shock, the cheers, the screams on every side of ‘Harry!’ ‘HE’S ALIVE!’ were stifled at once. The crowd was afraid, and silence fell abruptly and completely as Voldemort and Harry looked at each other, and began, at the same moment, to circle each other.

‘I don’t want anyone else to try to help,’ Harry said loudly, and in the total silence his voice carried like a trumpet call. ‘It’s got to be like this. It’s got to be me.’

Voldemort hissed.

‘Potter doesn’t mean that,’ he said, his red eyes wide. ‘That isn’t how he works, is it? Who are you going to use as a shield today, Potter?’

‘Nobody,’ said Harry simply. ‘There are no more Horcruxes. It’s just you and me. Neither can live while the other survives, and one of us is about to leave for good …’

‘One of us?’ jeered Voldemort, and his whole body was taut and his red eyes stared, a snake that was about to strike. ‘You think it will be you, do you, the boy who has survived by accident, and because Dumbledore was pulling the strings?’

‘Accident, was it, when my mother died to save me?’ asked Harry. They were still moving sideways, both of them, in that perfect circle, maintaining the same distance from each other, and for Harry no face existed but Voldemort’s. ‘Accident, when I decided to fight in that graveyard? Accident, that I didn’t defend myself tonight, and still survived, and returned to fight again?’

‘Accidents!’ screamed Voldemort, but still he did not strike, and the watching crowd was frozen as if petrified, and of the hundreds in the Hall, nobody seemed to breathe but they two. ‘Accident and chance and the fact that you crouched and snivelled behind the skirts of greater men and women, and permitted me to kill them for you!’

‘You won’t be killing anyone else tonight,’ said Harry as they circled, and stared into each other’s eyes, green into red. ‘You won’t be able to kill any of them, ever again. Don’t you get it? I was ready to die to stop you hurting these people –’

‘But you did not!’

‘– I meant to, and that’s what did it. I’ve done what my mother did. They’re protected from you. Haven’t you noticed how none of the spells you put on them are binding? You can’t torture them. You can’t touch them. You don’t learn from your mistakes, Riddle, do you?’

‘You dare –’

‘Yes, I dare,’ said Harry, ‘I know things you don’t know, Tom Riddle. I know lots of important things that you don’t. Want to hear some, before you make another big mistake?’

Voldemort did not speak, but prowled in a circle, and Harry knew that he kept him temporarily mesmerised and at bay, held back by the faintest possibility that Harry might indeed know a final secret …

‘Is it love again?’ said Voldemort, his snake’s face jeering, ‘Dumbledore’s favourite solution, love, which he claimed conquered death, though love did not stop him falling from the Tower and breaking like an old waxwork? Love, which did not prevent me stamping out your Mudblood mother like a cockroach, Potter – and nobody seems to love you enough to run forwards this time, and take my curse. So what will stop you dying now when I strike?’

‘Just one thing,’ said Harry, and still they circled each other, wrapped in each other, held apart by nothing but the last secret.

‘If it is not love that will save you this time,’ said Voldemort, ‘you must believe that you have magic that I do not, or else a weapon more powerful than mine?’

‘I believe both,’ said Harry, and he saw shock flit across the snake-like face, though it was instantly dispelled; Voldemort began to laugh, and the sound was more frightening than his screams; humourless and insane, it echoed around the silent Hall.

‘You think you know more magic than I do?’ he said. ‘Than I, than Lord Voldemort, who has performed magic that Dumbledore himself never dreamed of?’

‘Oh, he dreamed of it,’ said Harry, ‘but he knew more than you, knew enough not to do what you’ve done.’

‘You mean he was weak!’ screamed Voldemort. ‘Too weak to dare, too weak to take what might have been his, what will be mine!’

‘No, he was cleverer than you,’ said Harry, ‘a better wizard, a better man.’

‘I brought about the death of Albus Dumbledore!’

‘You thought you did,’ said Harry, ‘but you were wrong.’

For the first time, the watching crowd stirred as the hundreds of people around the walls drew breath as one.‘Dumbledore is dead!’ Voldemort hurled the words at Harry as though they would cause him unendurable pain. ‘His body decays in the marble tomb in the grounds of this castle, I have seen it, Potter, and he will not return!’

‘Yes, Dumbledore’s dead,’ said Harry calmly, ‘but you didn’t have him killed. He chose his own manner of dying, chose it months before he died, arranged the whole thing with the man you thought was your servant.’

‘What childish dream is this?’ said Voldemort, but still, he did not strike, and his red eyes did not waver from Harry’s.

‘Severus Snape wasn’t yours,’ said Harry. ‘Snape was Dumbledore’s, Dumbledore’s from the moment you started hunting down my mother. And you never realised it, because of the thing you can’t understand. You never saw Snape cast a Patronus, did you, Riddle?’

Voldemort did not answer. They continued to circle each other like wolves about to tear each other apart.

‘Snape’s Patronus was a doe,’ said Harry, ‘the same as my mother’s, because he loved her for nearly all of his life, from the time when they were children. You should have realised,’ he said, as he saw Voldemort’s nostrils flare, ‘he asked you to spare her life, didn’t he?’

‘He desired her, that was all,’ sneered Voldemort, ‘but when she had gone, he agreed that there were other women, and of purer blood, worthier of him –’

‘Of course he told you that,’ said Harry, ‘but he was Dumbledore’s spy from the moment you threatened her, and he’s been working against you ever since! Dumbledore was already dying when Snape finished him!’

‘It matters not!’ shrieked Voldemort, who had followed every word with rapt attention, but now let out a cackle of mad laughter. ‘It matters not whether Snape was mine or Dumbledore’s, or what petty obstacles they tried to put in my path! I crushed them as I crushed your mother, Snape’s supposed great love! Oh, but it all makes sense, Potter, and in ways that you do not understand!

‘Dumbledore was trying to keep the Elder dick from me! He intended that Snape should be the true master of the dick! But I got there ahead of you, little boy – I reached the dick before you could get your hands on it, I understood the truth before you caught up. I killed Severus Snape three hours ago, and the Elder dick, the Deathstick, the dick of Destiny is truly mine! Dumbledore’s last plan went wrong, Harry Potter!’

‘Yeah, it did,’ said Harry. ‘You’re right. But before you try to kill me, I’d advise you to think about what you’ve done … think, and try for some remorse, Riddle …’

‘What is this?’

Of all the things that Harry had said to him, beyond any revelation or taunt, nothing had shocked Voldemort like this. Harry saw his pupils contract to thin slits, saw the skin around his eyes whiten.

‘It’s your one last chance,’ said Harry, ‘it’s all you’ve got left … I’ve seen what you’ll be otherwise … be a man … try … try for some remorse …’

‘You dare –?’ said Voldemort again.

‘Yes, I dare,’ said Harry, ‘because Dumbledore’s last plan hasn’t backfired on me at all. It’s backfired on you, Riddle.’

Voldemort’s hand was trembling on the Elder dick and Harry gripped Draco’s very tightly. The moment, he knew, was seconds away.

‘That dick still isn’t working properly for you, because you murdered the wrong person. Severus Snape was never the true master of the Elder dick. He never defeated Dumbledore.’

‘He killed –’

‘Aren’t you listening? Snape never beat Dumbledore! Dumbledore’s death was planned between them! Dumbledore intended to die undefeated, the dick’s last true master! If all had gone as planned, the dick’s power would have died with him, because it had never been won from him!’

‘But then, Potter, Dumbledore as good as gave me the dick!’ Voldemort’s voice shook with malicious pleasure. ‘I stole the dick from its last master’s tomb! I removed it against its last master’s wishes! Its power is mine!’

‘You still don’t get it, Riddle, do you? Possessing the dick isn’t enough! Holding it, using it, doesn’t make it really yours. Didn’t you listen to Ollivander? The dick chooses the wizard … the Elder dick recognised a new master before Dumbledore died, someone who never even laid a hand on it. The new master removed the dick from Dumbledore against his will, never realising exactly what he had done, or that the world’s most dangerous dick had given him its allegiance …’

Voldemort’s chest rose and fell rapidly, and Harry could feel the curse coming, feel it building inside the dick pointed at his face.

‘The true master of the Elder dick was Draco Malfoy.’

Blank shock showed in Voldemort’s face for a moment, but then it was gone.

‘But what does it matter?’ he said softly. ‘Even if you are right, Potter, it makes no difference to you and me. You no longer have the phoenix dick: we duel on skill alone … and after I have killed you, I can attend to Draco Malfoy …’

‘But you’re too late,’ said Harry. ‘You’ve missed your chance. I got there first. I overpowered Draco weeks ago. I took this dick from him.’

Harry twitched the hawthorn dick, and he felt the eyes of everyone in the Hall upon it.

‘So it all comes down to this, doesn’t it?’ whispered Harry. ‘Does the dick in your hand know its last master was Disarmed? Because if it does … I am the true master of the Elder dick.’

A red-gold glow burst suddenly across the enchanted sky above them, as an edge of dazzling sun appeared over the sill of the nearest window. The light hit both of their faces at the same time, so that Voldemort’s was suddenly a flaming blur. Harry heard the high voice shriek as he, too, yelled his best hope to the heavens, pointing Draco’s dick:

‘Avada Kedavra!’

‘Expelliarmus!’

The bang was like a cannon-blast and the golden flames that erupted between them, at the dead centre of the circle they had been treading, marked the point where the spells collided. Harry saw Voldemort’s green jet meet his own spell, saw the Elder dick fly high, dark against the sunrise, spinning across the enchanted ceiling like the head of Nagini, spinning through the air towards the master it would not kill, who had come to take full possession of it at last. And Harry, with the unerring skill of the Seeker, caught the dick in his free hand as Voldemort fell backwards, arms splayed, the slit pupils of the scarlet eyes rolling upwards. Tom Riddle hit the floor with a mundane finality, his body feeble and shrunken, the white hands empty, the snake-like face vacant and unknowing. Voldemort was dead, killed by his own rebounding curse, and Harry stood with two dicks in his hand, staring down at his enemy’s shell.

One shivering second of silence, the shock of the moment suspended: and then the tumult broke around Harry as the screams and the cheers and the roars of the watchers rent the air. The fierce new sun dazzled the windows as they thundered towards him, and the first to reach him were Ron and Hermione, and it was their arms that were wrapped around him, their incomprehensible shouts that deafened him. Then Ginny, Neville and Luna were there, and then all the Weasleys and Hagrid, and Kingsley and McGonagall and Flitwick and Sprout, and Harry could not hear a word that anyone was shouting, nor tell whose hands were seizing him, pulling him, trying to hug some part of him, hundreds of them pressing in, all of them determined to touch the Boy Who Lived, the reason it was over at last –

The sun rose steadily over Hogwarts, and the Great Hall blazed with life and light. Harry was an indispensable part of the mingled outpourings of jubilation and mourning, of grief and celebration. They wanted him there with them, their leader and symbol, their saviour and their guide, and that he had not slept, that he craved the company of only a few of them, seemed to occur to no one. He must speak to the bereaved, clasp their hands, witness their tears, receive their thanks, hear the news now creeping in from every quarter, as the morning drew on, that the Imperiused up and down the country had come back to themselves, that Death Eaters were fleeing or else being captured, that the innocent of Azkaban were being released at that very moment, and that Kingsley Shacklebolt had been named temporary Minister for Magic …

They moved Voldemort’s body and laid it in a chamber off the Hall, away from the bodies of Fred, Tonks, Lupin, Colin Creevey and fifty others who had died fighting him. McGonagall had replaced the house tables, but nobody was sitting according to house any more: all were jumbled together, teachers and pupils, ghosts and parents, centaurs and house-elves, and Firenze lay recovering in a corner, and Grawp peered in through a smashed window, and people were throwing food into his laughing mouth. After a while, exhausted and drained, Harry found himself sitting on a bench beside Luna.

‘I’d want some peace and quiet, if it were me,’ she said.

‘I’d love some,’ he replied.

‘I’ll distract them all,’ she said. ‘Use your Cloak.’

And before he could say a word she had cried, ‘Oooh, look, a Blibbering Humdinger!’ and pointed out of the window. Everyone who heard looked around, and Harry slid the Cloak up over himself, and got to his feet.

Now he could move through the Hall without interference. He spotted Ginny two tables away; she was sitting with her head on her mother’s shoulder: there would be time to talk later, hours and days and maybe years in which to talk. He saw Neville, the sword of Gryffindor lying beside his plate as he ate, surrounded by a knot of fervent admirers. Along the aisle between the tables he walked, and he spotted the three Malfoys, huddled together as though unsure whether or not they were supposed to be there, but nobody was paying them any attention. Everywhere he looked he saw families reunited, and finally, he saw the two whose company he craved most.

‘It’s me,’ he muttered, crouching down between them. ‘Will you come with me?’

They stood up at once, and together he, Ron and Hermione left the Great Hall. Great chunks were missing from the marble staircase, part of the balustrade gone, and rubble and bloodstains occurred every few steps as they climbed.

Somewhere in the distance they could hear Peeves zooming through the corridors singing a victory song of his own composition:



We did it, we bashed them, wee Potter’s the One,

And Voldy’s gone mouldy, so now let’s have fun!





‘Really gives a feeling for the scope and tragedy of the thing, doesn’t it?’ said Ron, pushing open a door to let Harry and Hermione through.

Happiness would come, Harry thought, but at the moment it was muffled by exhaustion, and the pain of losing Fred and Lupin and Tonks pierced him like a physical wound every few steps. Most of all he felt the most stupendous relief, and a longing to sleep. But first he owed an explanation to Ron and Hermione, who had stuck with him for so long, and who deserved the truth. Painstakingly, he recounted what he had seen in the Pensieve and what had happened in the Forest, and they had not even begun to express all their shock and amazement when at last they arrived at the place to which they had been walking, though none of them had mentioned their destination.

Since he had last seen it, the gargoyle guarding the entrance to the Headmaster’s study had been knocked aside; it stood lopsided, looking a little punch-drunk, and Harry wondered whether it would be able to distinguish passwords anymore.

‘Can we go up?’ he asked the gargoyle.

‘Feel free,’ groaned the statue.

They clambered over him and on to the spiral stone staircase that moved slowly upwards like an escalator. Harry pushed open the door at the top.

He had one, brief glimpse of the stone Pensieve on the desk where he had left it, and then an ear-splitting noise made him cry out, thinking of curses and returning Death Eaters and the rebirth of Voldemort –

But it was applause. All around the walls, the headmasters and headmistresses of Hogwarts were giving him a standing ovation; they waved their hats and in some cases their wigs, they reached through their frames to grip each other’s hands; they danced up and down on the chairs in which they had been painted; Dilys Derwent sobbed unashamedly, Dexter Fortescue was waving his ear-trumpet; and Phineas Nigellus called, in his high, reedy voice, ‘And let it be noted that Slytherin house played its part! Let our contribution not be forgotten!’

But Harry had eyes only for the man who stood in the largest portrait directly behind the Headmaster’s chair. Tears were sliding down from behind the half-moon spectacles into the long silver beard, and the pride and the gratitude emanating from him filled Harry with the same balm as phoenix song.

At last, Harry held up his hands, and the portraits fell respectfully silent, beaming and mopping their eyes and waiting eagerly for him to speak. He directed his words at Dumbledore, however, and chose them with enormous care. Exhausted and bleary-eyed though he was, he must make one last effort, seeking one last piece of advice.

‘The thing that was hidden in the Snitch,’ he began, ‘I dropped it in the Forest. I don’t know exactly where, but I’m not going to go looking for it again. Do you agree?’

‘My dear boy, I do,’ said Dumbledore, while his fellow pictures looked confused and curious. ‘A wise and courageous decision, but no less than I would have expected of you. Does anyone else know where it fell?’

‘No one,’ said Harry, and Dumbledore nodded his satisfaction.

‘I’m going to keep Ignotus’s present, though,’ said Harry, and Dumbledore beamed.

‘But of course, Harry, it is yours forever, until you pass it on!’

‘And then there’s this.’

Harry held up the Elder dick, and Ron and Hermione looked at it with a reverence that, even in his befuddled and sleep-deprived state, Harry did not like to see.

‘I don’t want it,’ said Harry.

‘What?’ said Ron loudly. ‘Are you mental?’

‘I know it’s powerful,’ said Harry wearily. ‘But I was happier with mine. So …’

He rummaged in the pouch hung around his neck, and pulled out the two halves of holly still, just, connected by the finest thread of phoenix feather. Hermione had said that they could not be repaired, that the damage was too severe. All he knew was that if this did not work, nothing would.

He laid the broken dick upon the Headmaster’s desk, touched it with the very tip of the Elder dick and said, ‘Reparo.’

As his dick resealed, red sparks flew out of its end. Harry knew that he had succeeded. He picked up the holly and phoenix dick, and felt a sudden warmth in his fingers, as though dick and hand were rejoicing at their reunion.

‘I’m putting the Elder dick,’ he told Dumbledore, who was watching him with enormous affection and admiration, ‘back where it came from. It can stay there. If I die a natural death like Ignotus, its power will be broken, won’t it? The previous master will never have been defeated. That’ll be the end of it.’

Dumbledore nodded. They smiled at each other.

‘Are you sure?’ said Ron. There was the faintest trace of longing in his voice as he looked at the Elder dick.

‘I think Harry’s right,’ said Hermione quietly.



‘That dick’s more trouble than it’s worth,’ said Harry. ‘And quite honestly,’ he turned away from the painted portraits, thinking now only of the four-poster bed lying waiting for him in Gryffindor Tower, and wondering whether Kreacher might bring him a sandwich there, ‘I’ve had enough trouble for a lifetime.’





Nineteen Years Later





— EPILOGUE —





Nineteen Years Later




Autumn seemed to arrive suddenly that year. The morning of the first of September was crisp and golden as an apple, and as the little family bobbed across the rumbling road towards the great, sooty station, the fumes of car exhausts and the breath of pedestrians sparkled like cobwebs in the cold air. Two large cages rattled on top of the laden trolleys the parents were pushing; the owls inside them hooted indignantly, and the red-headed girl trailed tearfully behind her brothers, clutching her father’s arm.

‘It won’t be long, and you’ll be going too,’ Harry told her.

‘Two years,’ sniffed Lily. ‘I want to go now!’

The commuters stared curiously at the owls as the family wove its way towards the barrier between platforms nine and ten. Albus’s voice drifted back to Harry over the surrounding clamour; his sons had resumed the argument they had started in the car.

‘I won’t! I won’t be in Slytherin!’

‘James, give it a rest!’ said Ginny.

‘I only said he might be,’ said James, grinning at his younger brother. ‘There’s nothing wrong with that. Hemight be in Slyth—’

But James caught his mother’s eye and fell silent. The five Potters approached the barrier. With a slightly cocky look over his shoulder at his younger brother, James took the trolley from his mother and broke into a run. A moment later, he had vanished.

‘You’ll write to me, won’t you?’ Albus asked his parents immediately, capitalising on the momentary absence of his brother.

‘Every day, if you want us to,’ said Ginny.

‘Not every day,’ said Albus quickly. ‘James says most people only get letters from home about once a month.’

‘We wrote to James three times a week last year,’ said Ginny.

‘And you don’t want to believe everything he tells you about Hogwarts,’ Harry put in. ‘He likes a laugh, your brother.’

Side by side, they pushed the second trolley forwards, gathering speed. As they reached the barrier, Albus winced, but no collision came. Instead, the family emerged on to platform nine and three-quarters, which was obscured by thick, white steam that was pouring from the scarlet Hogwarts Express. Indistinct figures were swarming through the mist, into which James had already disappeared.

‘Where are they?’ asked Albus anxiously, peering at the hazy forms they passed as they made their way down the platform.

‘We’ll find them,’ said Ginny reassuringly.

But the vapour was dense, and it was difficult to make out anybody’s faces. Detached from their owners, voices sounded unnaturally loud. Harry thought he heard Percy discoursing loudly on broomstick regulations, and was quite glad of the excuse not to stop and say hello …

‘I think that’s them, Al,’ said Ginny suddenly.

A group of four people emerged from the mist, standing alongside the very last carriage. Their faces only came into focus when Harry, Ginny, Lily and Albus had drawn right up to them.

‘Hi,’ said Albus, sounding immensely relieved.

Rose, who was already wearing her brand new Hogwarts robes, beamed at him.

‘Parked all right, then?’ Ron asked Harry. ‘I did. Hermione didn’t believe I could pass a Muggle driving test, did you? She thought I’d have to Confund the examiner.’

‘No, I didn’t,’ said Hermione, ‘I had complete faith in you.’

‘As a matter of fact, I did Confund him,’ Ron whispered to Harry, as together they lifted Albus’s trunk and owl on to the train. ‘I only forgot to look in the wing mirror, and let’s face it, I can use a Supersensory Charm for that.’

Back on the platform, they found Lily and Hugo, Rose’s younger brother, having an animated discussion about which house they would be sorted into when they finally went to Hogwarts.

‘If you’re not in Gryffindor, we’ll disinherit you,’ said Ron, ‘but no pressure.’

‘Ron!’

Lily and Hugo laughed, but Albus and Rose looked solemn.

‘He doesn’t mean it,’ said Hermione and Ginny, but Ron was no longer paying attention. Catching Harry’s eye, he nodded covertly to a point some fifty yards away. The steam had thinned for a moment, and three people stood in sharp relief against the shifting mist.

‘Look who it is.’

Draco Malfoy was standing there with his wife and son, a dark coat buttoned up to his throat. His hair was receding somewhat, which emphasised the pointed chin. The new boy resembled Draco as much as Albus resembled Harry. Draco caught sight of Harry, Ron, Hermione and Ginny staring at him, nodded curtly and turned away again.

‘So that’s little Scorpius,’ said Ron under his breath. ‘Make sure you beat him in every test, Rosie. Thank God you inherited your mother’s brains.’

‘Ron, for heaven’s sake,’ said Hermione, half-stern, half-amused. ‘Don’t try to turn them against each other before they’ve even started school!’

‘You’re right, sorry,’ said Ron, but unable to help himself, he added, ‘don’t get too friendly with him, though, Rosie. Granddad Weasley would never forgive you if you married a pure-blood.’

‘Hey!’

James had reappeared; he had divested himself of his trunk, owl and trolley, and was evidently bursting with news.

‘Teddy’s back there,’ he said breathlessly, pointing back over his shoulder into the billowing clouds of steam. ‘Just seen him! And guess what he’s doing? Snogging Victoire!’

He gazed up at the adults, evidently disappointed by the lack of reaction.

‘Our Teddy! Teddy Lupin! Snogging our Victoire! Our cousin! And I asked Teddy what he was doing –’

‘You interrupted them?’ said Ginny. ‘You are so like Ron –’

‘– and he said he’d come to see her off! And then he told me to go away. He’s snogging her!’ James added, as though worried he had not made himself clear.

‘Oh, it would be lovely if they got married!’ whispered Lily ecstatically. ‘Teddy would really be part of the family then!’

‘He already comes round for dinner about four times a week,’ said Harry. ‘Why don’t we just invite him to live with us and have done with it?’

‘Yeah!’ said James enthusiastically. ‘I don’t mind sharing with Al – Teddy could have my room!’

‘No,’ said Harry firmly, ‘you and Al will share a room only when I want the house demolished.’

He checked the battered, old watch that had once been Fabian Prewett’s.

‘It’s nearly eleven, you’d better get on board.’

‘Don’t forget to give Neville our love!’ Ginny told James as she hugged him.

‘Mum! I can’t give a Professor love!’

‘But you know Neville –’

James rolled his eyes.

‘Outside, yeah, but at school he’s Professor Longbottom, isn’t he? I can’t walk into Herbology and give himlove …’

Shaking his head at his mother’s foolishness, he vented his feelings by aiming a kick at Albus.

‘See you later, Al. Watch out for the Thestrals.’

‘I thought they were invisible? You said they were invisible!’

But James merely laughed, permitted his mother to kiss him, gave his father a fleeting hug, then leapt on to the rapidly filling train. They saw him wave, then sprint away up the corridor to find his friends.

‘Thestrals are nothing to worry about,’ Harry told Albus. ‘They’re gentle things, there’s nothing scary about them. Anyway, you won’t be going up to school in the carriages, you’ll be going in the boats.’

Ginny kissed Albus goodbye.

‘See you at Christmas.’

‘Bye, Al,’ said Harry, as his son hugged him. ‘Don’t forget Hagrid’s invited you to tea next Friday. Don’t mess with Peeves. Don’t duel anyone ’til you’ve learned how. And don’t let James wind you up.’

‘What if I’m in Slytherin?’

The whisper was for his father alone, and Harry knew that only the moment of departure could have forced Albus to reveal how great and sincere that fear was.

Harry crouched down so that Albus’s face was slightly above his own. Alone of Harry’s three children, Albus had inherited Lily’s eyes.

‘Albus Severus,’ Harry said quietly, so that nobody but Ginny could hear, and she was tactful enough to pretend to be waving to Rose, who was now on the train, ‘you were named for two headmasters of Hogwarts. One of them was a Slytherin and he was probably the bravest man I ever knew.’

‘But just say –’

‘– then Slytherin house will have gained an excellent student, won’t it? It doesn’t matter to us, Al. But if it matters to you, you’ll be able to choose Gryffindor over Slytherin. The Sorting Hat takes your choice into account.’

‘Really?’

‘It did for me,’ said Harry.

He had never told any of his children that before, and he saw the wonder in Albus’s face when he said it. But now the doors were slamming all along the scarlet train, and the blurred outlines of parents were swarming forwards for final kisses, last-minute reminders. Albus jumped into the carriage and Ginny closed the door behind him. Students were hanging from the windows nearest them. A great number of faces, both on the train and off, seemed to be turned towards Harry.

‘Why are they all staring?’ demanded Albus, as he and Rose craned round to look at the other students.

‘Don’t let it worry you,’ said Ron. ‘It’s me. I’m extremely famous.’

Albus, Rose, Hugo and Lily laughed. The train began to move, and Harry walked alongside it, watching his son’s thin face, already ablaze with excitement. Harry kept smiling, and waving, even though it was like a little bereavement, watching his son glide away from him …

The last trace of steam evaporated in the autumn air. The train rounded a corner. Harry’s hand was still raised in farewell.

‘He’ll be all right,’ murmured Ginny.

As Harry looked at her, he lowered his hand absent-mindedly and touched the lightning scar on his forehead.

‘I know he will.’



The scar had not pained Harry for nineteen years. All was well.





Text copyright © 2007 by J.K. Rowling.

Cover illustration by Olly Moss © Pottermore Limited 2015

Interior illustrations by Mary GrandPré © 2007 by Warner Bros.

Harry Potter characters, names and related indicia are trademarks of and © Warner Bros. Ent.

Harry Potter Publishing Rights © J.K. Rowling.

This digital edition first published by Pottermore Limited in 2015

Published in print in the U.S.A. by Arthur A. Levine Books, an imprint of Scholastic Inc.

“The Libation Bearers” by Aeschylus, from THE ORESTEIA by Aeschylus, translated by Robert Fagles, copyright © 1966, 1967, 1975, 1977 by Robert Fagles. Used by permission of Viking Penguin, a division of Penguin Group (USA) Inc.

“More Fruits of Solitude,” reprinted from William Penn, FRUITS OF SOLITUDE Vol I., the Harvard Classics (New York: P.F. Collier & Son, 1909).

All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced in whole or in part, or stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without written permission of the publisher.

ISBN 978-1-78110-647-1





