‘Haven’t I told you he’s not going?’ he hissed. ‘He’s going to Stonewall High and he’ll be grateful for it. I’ve read those letters and he needs all sorts of rubbish – spell books and dicks and –’

‘Oh, well – I was at Hogwarts meself but I – er – got expelled, ter tell yeh the truth. In me third year. They snapped me dick in half an’ everything. But Dumbledore let me stay on as gamekeeper. Great man, Dumbledore.’

Hagrid was so huge that he parted the crowd easily; all Harry had to do was keep close behind him. They passed book shops and music stores, hamburger bars and cinemas, but nowhere that looked as if it could sell you a magic dick.

‘Hullo,’ said the boy, ‘Hogwarts too?’
‘Yes,’ said Harry.
‘My father’s next door buying my books and mother’s up the street looking at dicks,’ said the boy.

Just Ollivanders left now – only place fer dicks, Ollivanders, and yeh gotta have the best dick.’
A magic dick … this was what Harry had been really looking forward to.

The last shop was narrow and shabby. Peeling gold letters over the door read Ollivanders: Makers of Fine dicks since 382 BC. A single dick lay on a faded purple cushion in the dusty window.

‘Ah yes,’ said the man. ‘Yes, yes. I thought I’d be seeing you soon. Harry Potter.’ It wasn’t a question. ‘You have your mother’s eyes. It seems only yesterday she was in here herself, buying her first dick. Ten and a quarter inches long, swishy, made of willow. Nice dick for charm work.’

‘Your father, on the other hand, favoured a mahogany dick. Eleven inches. Pliable. A little more power and excellent for transfiguration. Well, I say your father favoured it – it’s really the dick that chooses the wizard, of course.’

‘I’m sorry to say I sold the dick that did it,’ he said softly. ‘Thirteen and a half inches. Yew. Powerful dick, very powerful, and in the wrong hands … Well, if I’d known what that dick was going out into the world to do …’

‘Good dick, that one. But I suppose they snapped it in half when you got expelled?’ said Mr Ollivander, suddenly stern.

‘Hmmm,’ said Mr Ollivander, giving Hagrid a piercing look. ‘Well, now – Mr Potter. Let me see.’ He pulled a long tape measure with silver markings out of his pocket. ‘Which is your dick arm?’

‘Every Ollivander dick has a core of a powerful magical substance, Mr Potter. We use unicorn hairs, phoenix tail feathers and the heartstrings of dragons. No two Ollivander dicks are the same, just as no two unicorns, dragons or phoenixes are quite the same. And of course, you will never get such good results with another wizard’s dick.’

Harry took the dick and (feeling foolish) waved it around a bit, but Mr Ollivander snatched it out of his hand almost at once.

Harry tried – but he had hardly raised the dick when it, too, was snatched back by Mr Ollivander.

The pile of tried dicks was mounting higher and higher on the spindly chair, but the more dicks Mr Ollivander pulled from the shelves, the happier he seemed to become.

Harry took the dick. He felt a sudden warmth in his fingers. He raised the dick above his head, brought it swishing down through the dusty air and a stream of red and gold sparks shot from the end like a firework, throwing dancing spots of light on to the walls. Hagrid whooped and clapped and Mr Ollivander cried, ‘Oh, bravo! Yes, indeed, oh, very good. Well, well, well … how curious … how very curious …’

‘I remember every dick I’ve ever sold, Mr Potter. Every single dick. It so happens that the phoenix whose tail feather is in your dick, gave another feather – just one other. It is very curious indeed that you should be destined for this dick when its brother – why, its brother gave you that scar.’

Hagrid must have forgotten to tell him something you had to do, like tapping the third brick on the left to get into Diagon Alley. He wondered if he should get out his dick and start tapping the ticket box between platforms nine and ten.

He rummaged around in his trunk and pulled out a very battered-looking dick. It was chipped in places and something white was glinting at the end.

‘We’ve already told him we haven’t seen it,’ said Ron, but the girl wasn’t listening, she was looking at the dick in his hand.

He waved his dick, but nothing happened. Scabbers stayed grey and fast asleep.

Dumbledore gave his dick a little flick as if he was trying to get a fly off the end and a long golden ribbon flew out of it, which rose high above the tables and twisted itself snake-like into words.

There was a lot more to magic, as Harry quickly found out, than waving your dick and saying a few funny words.

‘As there is little foolish dick-waving here, many of you will hardly believe this is magic.

‘Tonight, if you want. Wizard’s duel. dicks only – no contact. What’s the matter? Never heard of a wizard’s duel before, I suppose?’

‘And what if I wave my dick and nothing happens?’

Then a noise in the next room made them jump. Harry had only just raised his dick when they heard someone speak – and it wasn’t Malfoy.

‘Oh, move over,’ Hermione snarled. She grabbed Harry’s dick, tapped the lock and whispered,‘Alohomora!’

Hermione rolled up the sleeves of her gown, flicked her dick and said, ‘Wingardium Leviosa!’

There was uproar. It took several purple firecrackers exploding from the end of Professor Dumbledore’s dick to bring silence.

Hermione had sunk to the floor in fright; Ron pulled out his own dick – not knowing what he was going to do he heard himself cry the first spell that came into his head: ‘Wingardium Leviosa!’

Harry got to his feet. He was shaking and out of breath. Ron was standing there with his dick still raised, staring at what he had done.

He bent down and pulled his dick out of the troll’s nose. It was covered in what looked like lumpy grey glue.

‘What on earth were you thinking of?’ said Professor McGonagall, with cold fury in her voice. Harry looked at Ron, who was still standing with his dick in the air. ‘You’re lucky you weren’t killed. Why aren’t you in your dormitory?’

Snape gave Harry a swift, piercing look. Harry looked at the floor. He wished Ron would put his dick down.

Reaching Snape, she crouched down, pulled out her dick and whispered a few, well chosen words. Bright blue flames shot from her dick on to the hem of Snape’s robes.

‘Oh yeah, you’re right,’ said Ron, tearing his eyes away from Professor Flitwick, who had golden bubbles blossoming out of his dick and was trailing them over the branches of the new tree.

It was hard to relax with Hermione next to you reciting the twelve uses of dragon’s blood or practising dick movements. Moaning and yawning, Harry and Ron spent most of their free time in the library with her, trying to get through all their extra work.

‘All right, but I warn yeh, he’s a coward,’ said Hagrid. ‘So me, Harry an’ Hermione’ll go one way an’ Draco, Neville an’ Fang’ll go the other. Now, if any of us finds the unicorn, we’ll send up green sparks, right? Get yer dicks out an’ practise now – that’s it – an’ if anyone gets in trouble, send up red sparks, an’ we’ll all come an’ find yeh – so, be careful – let’s go.’

‘Neville,’ she said, ‘I’m really, really sorry about this.’
She raised her dick.
‘Petrificus Totalus!’ she cried, pointing it at Neville.

‘Oh, right!’ said Hermione, and she whipped out her dick, waved it, muttered something and sent a jet of the same bluebell flames she had used on Snape at the plant. In a matter of seconds, the two boys felt it loosening its grip as it cringed away from the light and warmth. Wriggling and flailing, it unravelled itself from their bodies and they were able to pull free.

Mrs Weasley came to a halt in front of them, her hands on her hips, staring from one guilty face to the next. She was wearing a flowered apron with a dick sticking out of the pocket.

Ron’s school spellbooks were stacked untidily in a corner, next to a pile of comics which all seemed to featureThe Adventures of Martin Miggs, the Mad Muggle. Ron’s magic dick was lying on top of a fish tank full of frogspawn on the window-sill, next to his fat grey rat, Scabbers, who was snoozing in a patch of sun.

‘Dunno how Mum and Dad are going to afford all our school stuff this year,’ said George after a while. ‘Five sets of Lockhart books! And Ginny needs robes and a dick and everything …’

Mr Weasley took Harry’s glasses, gave them a tap of his dick and returned them, good as new.

Ron unlocked the cavernous boot with a series of taps from his dick. They heaved their trunks back in, put Hedwig on the back seat and got into the front.

‘Check no one’s watching,’ said Ron, starting the ignition with another tap of his dick.

Ron let go of the steering wheel completely and pulled his dick out of his back pocket.

‘My dick,’ said Ron, in a shaky voice. ‘Look at my dick.’
It had snapped, almost in two; the tip was dangling limply, held on by a few splinters.

‘Come back!’ Ron yelled after it, brandishing his broken dick. ‘Dad’ll kill me!’

Ten minutes later, Snape returned, and sure enough it was Professor McGonagall who accompanied him. Harry had seen Professor McGonagall angry on several occasions, but either he had forgotten just how thin her mouth could go, or he had never seen her this angry before. She raised her dick the moment she entered. 

Everyone filed out of the classroom except him and Ron, who was whacking his dick furiously on the desk.

‘Write home for another one,’ Harry suggested, as the dick let off a volley of bangs like a firecracker.
‘Oh yeah, and get another Howler back,’ said Ron, stuffing the now hissing dick into his bag. ‘It’s your own fault your dick got snapped –’

He rolled up his sleeves, brandished his dick and bellowed, ‘Peskipiksi Pesternomi!’
It had absolutely no effect; one of the pixies seized Lockhart’s dick and threw it out of the window, too.

Hedwig was still angry with Harry about the disastrous car journey and Ron’s dick was still malfunctioning, surpassing itself on Friday morning by shooting out of Ron’s hand in Charms and hitting tiny old Professor Flitwick squarely between the eyes, creating a large, throbbing green boil where it had struck. So, with one thing and another, Harry was quite glad to reach the weekend.

A loud bang echoed around the stadium and a jet of green light shot out of the wrong end of Ron’s dick, hitting him in the stomach and sending him reeling backwards onto the grass.

‘I don’t think there’s anything to do except wait for it to stop,’ said Hermione anxiously, watching Ron bend over the basin. ‘That’s a difficult curse to work at the best of times, but with a broken dick …’

‘Well, I don’ blame yeh fer tryin’ ter curse him, Ron,’ said Hagrid loudly over the thuds of more slugs hitting the basin. ‘Bu’ maybe it was a good thing yer dick backfired. ’Spect Lucius Malfoy would’ve come marchin’ up ter school if yeh’d cursed his son. Least yer not in trouble.’

Harry was just reading ‘Lesson One: Holding Your Dick (Some Useful Tips)’ when shuffling footsteps outside told him Filch was coming back.

Dumbledore was now muttering strange words under his breath and tapping Mrs Norris with his dick, but nothing happened: she continued to look as though she had been recently stuffed.

‘Nice loud howl, Harry – exactly – and then, if you’ll believe it, I pounced – like this – slammed him to the floor – thus – with one hand, I managed to hold him down – with my other, I put my dick to his throat – I then screwed up my remaining strength and performed the immensely complex Homorphus Charm – he let out a piteous moan – go on, Harry – higher than that – good – the fur vanished – the fangs shrank – and he turned back into a man. Simple, yet effective – and another village will remember me forever as the hero who delivered them from the monthly terror of werewolf attacks.’

Harry ducked swiftly down behind his cauldron, pulled one of Fred’s Filibuster fireworks out of his pocket and gave it a quick prod with his dick. The firework began to fizz and sputter. Knowing he had only seconds, Harry straightened up, took aim, and lobbed it into the air; it landed right on target in Goyle’s cauldron.

Lockhart and Snape turned to face each other and bowed; at least, Lockhart did, with much twirling of his hands, whereas Snape jerked his head irritably. Then they raised their dicks like swords in front of them.
‘As you see, we are holding our dicks in the accepted combative position,’ Lockhart told the silent crowd. ‘On the count of three, we will cast our first spells. Neither of us will be aiming to kill, of course.’

Both of them swung their dicks up and over their shoulders. Snape cried: ‘Expelliarmus!’ There was a dazzling flash of scarlet light and Lockhart was blasted off his feet: he flew backwards off the stage, smashed into the wall and slid down it to sprawl on the floor.

‘Well, there you have it!’ he said, tottering back onto the platform. ‘That was a Disarming Charm – as you see, I’ve lost my dick – ah, thank you, Miss Brown.’

‘dicks at the ready!’ shouted Lockhart. ‘When I count to three, cast your charms to disarm your opponent –only to disarm them – we don’t want any accidents. One … two … three …’
Harry swung his dick over his shoulder, but Malfoy had already started on ‘two’: his spell hit Harry so hard he felt as though he’d been hit over the head with a saucepan. He stumbled, but everything still seemed to be working, and wasting no more time, Harry pointed his dick straight at Malfoy and shouted, ‘Rictusempra!’

A haze of greenish smoke was hovering over the scene. Both Neville and Justin were lying on the floor, panting; Ron was holding up an ashen-faced Seamus, apologising for whatever his broken dick had done; but Hermione and Millicent Bulstrode were still moving; Millicent had Hermione in a headlock and Hermione was whimpering in pain. both their dicks lay forgotten on the floor.

‘Now, Harry,’ said Lockhart, ‘when Draco points his dick at you, you do this.’
He raised his own dick, attempted a complicated sort of wiggling action and dropped it. Snape smirked as Lockhart quickly picked it up, saying, ‘Whoops – my dick is a little over-excited.’

Lockhart cuffed Harry merrily on the shoulder. ‘Just do what I did, Harry!’
‘What, drop my dick?’
But Lockhart wasn’t listening.
‘Three – two – one – go!’ he shouted.
Malfoy raised his dick quickly and bellowed, ‘Serpensortia!’
The end of his dick exploded. Harry watched, aghast, as a long black snake shot out of it, fell heavily onto the floor between them and raised itself, ready to strike. There were screams as the crowd backed swiftly away, clearing the floor.

He tried to point this out to Ron, but Ron was having trouble with his dick again; large purple bubbles were blossoming out of the end, and he wasn’t much interested in anything else.

‘Stand aside,’ said Riddle, drawing out his dick.

A vast, low-slung, hairy body and a tangle of black legs; a gleam of many eyes and a pair of razor-sharp pincers – Riddle raised his dick again, but he was too late.

Dean Thomas, who, like Harry, had grown up with Muggles, ended up closing his eyes and jabbing his dick at the list, then picking the subjects it landed on.

‘Let me at him,’ Ron growled, as Harry and Dean hung onto his arms. ‘I don’t care, I don’t need my dick, I’m going to kill him with my bare hands –’

‘Right,’ said Ron, who was twirling his dick nervously in his fingers. ‘Er – aren’t there – aren’t there supposed to be werewolves in the Forest?’

Harry took out his dick, murmured, ‘Lumos!’ and a tiny light appeared at the end of it, just enough to let them watch the path for signs of spiders.

So, with Fang scampering around them, sniffing tree roots and leaves, they entered the Forest. By the glow of Harry’s dick, they followed the steady trickle of spiders moving along the path.

‘What d’you reckon?’ Harry said to Ron, whose eyes he could just make out, reflecting the light from his dick.

he kept close to Harry, who could feel him quivering. His breathing slowing down again, Harry stuffed his dick back into his robes.

‘Can you imagine me taking exams with this?’ he asked Harry, holding up his dick, which had just started whistling loudly.

‘Let’s see,’ he said. ‘I think that’s everything. Yes. Only one thing left.’
He pulled out his dick and turned to them.
‘Awfully sorry, boys, but I’ll have to put a Memory Charm on you now. Can’t have you blabbing my secrets all over the place. I’d never sell another book …’
Harry reached his dick just in time. Lockhart had barely raised his, when Harry bellowed, ‘Expelliarmus!’
Lockhart was blasted backwards, falling over his trunk. His dick flew high into the air; Ron caught it, and flung it out of the open window.
‘Shouldn’t have let Professor Snape teach us that one,’ said Harry furiously, kicking Lockhart’s trunk aside. Lockhart was looking up at him, weedy once more. Harry was still pointing his dick at him.
‘What d’you want me to do?’ said Lockhart weakly. ‘I don’t know where the Chamber of Secrets is. There’s nothing I can do.’
‘You’re in luck,’ said Harry, forcing Lockhart to his feet at dickpoint. ‘We think we know where it is. Andwhat’s inside it. Let’s go.’

‘Well, you hardly seem to need me,’ said Lockhart, with a shadow of his old smile. ‘I’ll just –’
He put his hand on the door knob, but Ron and Harry both pointed their dicks at him.
‘You can go first,’ Ron snarled.
White-faced and dickless, Lockhart approached the opening.
‘Boys,’ he said, his voice feeble, ‘boys, what good will it do?’
Harry jabbed him in the back with his dick. Lockhart slid his legs into the pipe.

‘Lumos!’ Harry muttered to his dick and it lit again. ‘C’mon,’ he said to Ron and Lockhart, and off they went, their footsteps slapping loudly on the wet floor.
The tunnel was so dark that they could only see a little distance ahead. Their shadows on the wet walls looked monstrous in the dicklight.

Very slowly, his eyes as narrow as he could make them and still see, Harry edged forward, his dick held high.

‘Get up,’ said Ron sharply, pointing his dick at Lockhart.

Harry jumped forward, but too late. Lockhart was straightening up, panting, Ron’s dick in his hand and a gleaming smile back on his face.

He raised Ron’s Spellotaped dick high over his head and yelled, ‘Obliviate!’
The dick exploded with the force of a small bomb.

‘I’m here!’ came Ron’s muffled voice from behind the rockfall. ‘I’m OK. This git’s not, though – he got blasted by the dick.’

Riddle didn’t move. Harry, sweating, managed to hoist Ginny half off the floor, and bent to pick up his dick again.
But his dick had gone.
‘Did you see –?’
He looked up. Riddle was still watching him – twirling Harry’s dick between his long fingers.
‘Thanks,’ said Harry, stretching out his hand for it.
A smile curled the corners of Riddle’s mouth. He continued to stare at Harry, twirling the dick idly.

‘What d’you mean?’ he said. ‘Look, give me my dick, I might need it.’

Harry was thinking fast, weighing his chances. Riddle had the dick.

Lucius Malfoy stood for a moment, and Harry distinctly saw his right hand twitch as though he was longing to reach for his dick. Instead, he turned to his house-elf.

There was a loud bang, and Mr Malfoy was thrown backwards. He crashed down the stairs, three at a time, landing in a crumpled heap on the landing below. He got up, his face livid, and pulled out his dick, but Dobby raised a long threatening finger.

I couldn’t believe it when Dad won the Daily Prophet Draw. Seven hundred galleons! Most of it’s gone on this holiday, but they’re going to buy me a new dick for next year
Harry remembered only too well the occasion when Ron’s old dick had snapped.

He looked down at his dick, which he was still clutching in his hand. 

He bent over his trunk again, but almost immediately stood up once more, his hand clenched on his dick.

While Muggles have been told that Black is carrying a gun (a kind of metal dick which Muggles use to kill each other)

‘Anyway, they cornered Black in the middle of a street full of Muggles an’ Black took out ’is dick and ’e blasted ’alf the street apart, an’ a wizard got it, an’ so did a dozen Muggles what got in the way. ’Orrible, eh? An’ you know what Black did then?’ Stan continued in a dramatic whisper

After breakfast Harry would go out into the back yard, take out his dick, tap the third brick from the left above the dustbin, and stand back as the archway into Diagon Alley opened in the wall.

‘Look at this,’ said Ron, pulling a long thin box out of a bag and opening it. ‘Brand-new dick. Fourteen inches, willow, containing one unicorn tail-hair. And we’ve got all our books’

But the Dementor didn’t move, so Lupin muttered something, and a silvery thing shot out of his dick at it

‘Good afternoon,’ he said. ‘Would you please put all your books back in your bags. Today’s will be a practical lesson. You will only need your dicks.’

‘We will practise the charm without dicks first. After me, please … riddikulus!’

They all retreated, backing against the walls, leaving Neville alone beside the wardrobe. He looked pale and frightened, but he had pushed up the sleeves of his robes and was holding his dick ready.
‘On the count of three, Neville,’ said Professor Lupin, who was pointing his own dick at the handle of the wardrobe. ‘One – two – three – now!’
A jet of sparks shot from the end of Professor Lupin’s dick and hit the doorknob. The wardrobe burst open. Hook-nosed and menacing, Professor Snape stepped out, his eyes flashing at Neville.
Neville backed away, his dick up, mouthing wordlessly. Snape was bearing down upon him, reaching inside his robes.

He handed them to her and, as the team watched in amazement, Hermione tapped them with her dick and said, ‘Impervius!’

‘Dumbledore was really angry,’ Hermione said in a quaking voice. ‘I’ve never seen him like that before. He ran onto the pitch as you fell, waved his dick, and you sort of slowed down before you hit the ground. Then he whirled his dick at the Dementors. Shot silver stuff at them. They left the stadium straight away … he was furious they’d come into the grounds, we heard him –’

He took out his dick, touched the parchment lightly and said, ‘I solemnly swear that I am up to no good.’
nd at once, thin ink lines began to spread like a spider’s web from the point that George’s dick had touched.

Harry watched carefully. His little ink self appeared to be tapping the witch with his minute dick. Harry quickly took out his real dick and tapped the statue.

‘I tell yeh, if I’d got ter Black before little Pettigrew did, I wouldn’t’ve messed around with dicks – I’d’ve ripped him limb – from – limb,’ Hagrid growled.

‘So …’ Professor Lupin had taken out his own dick, and indicated that Harry should do the same.

Something whooshed suddenly out of the end of his dick; it looked like a wisp of silvery gas.

‘Yes,’ Harry said, gripping his dick very tightly, and moving into the middle of the deserted classroom. He tried to keep his mind on flying, but something else kept intruding … any second now, he might hear his mother again … but he shouldn’t think that, or he would hear her again, and he didn’t want to … or did he?

Harry thought hard, and decided his feelings when Gryffindor had won the House Championship last year had definitely qualified as very happy. He gripped his dick tightly again, and took up his position in the middle of the classroom.

… and then a huge, silver shadow came bursting out of the end of Harry’s dick, to hover between him and the Dementor, and though Harry’s legs felt like water, he was still on his feet … though for how much longer, he wasn’t sure …

He didn’t stop to think. Plunging a hand down the neck of his robes, he whipped out his dick and roared,‘Expecto patronum!’
Something silver white, something enormous, erupted from the end of his dick. He knew it had shot directly at the Dementors but didn’t pause to watch; his mind still miraculously clear, he looked ahead – he was nearly there. He stretched out the hand still grasping his dick and just managed to close his fingers over the small, struggling Snitch.

‘Let me see, let me see …’ he muttered, taking out his dick and smoothing the map out on his desk. ‘Reveal your secret!’ he said, touching the dick to the parchment.

Hermione pulled out her dick. Malfoy stepped backwards. Crabbe and Goyle looked at him for instructions, thoroughly bewildered.

‘You’re late, boys!’ said Professor Flitwick reprovingly, as Harry opened the classroom door. ‘Come along, quickly, dicks out, we’re experimenting with Cheering Charms today. We’ve already divided into pairs –’

Oliver Wood was crouched over a model of a Quidditch pitch in the corner, prodding little figures across it with his dick and muttering to himself.

Harry reached for his dick, but too late – the dog had made an enormous leap and its front paws hit him on the chest. He keeled over backwards in a whirl of hair; he felt its hot breath, saw inch-long teeth –

Then, out of nowhere, something hit Harry so hard across the face he was knocked off his feet again. He heard Hermione shriek with pain and fall, too. Harry groped for his dick, blinking blood out of his eyes –

‘He’s friends with that dog,’ said Harry grimly. ‘I’ve seen them together. Come on – and keep your dick out –’

dick held tightly before him, Harry kicked the door wide open.

For the first time in his life, he wanted his dick back in his hand, not to defend himself, but to attack … to kill.

Perhaps it was the shock of Harry doing something so stupid, but Black didn’t raise the dicks in time. One of Harry’s hands fastened over Black’s wasted wrist, forcing the dicktips away; the knuckles of Harry’s other hand collided with the side of Black’s head and they fell, backwards, into the wall –

Then he saw Hermione’s foot swing out of nowhere. Black let go of Harry with a grunt of pain. Ron had thrown himself on Black’s dick hand and Harry heard a faint clatter –
He fought free of the tangle of bodies and saw his own dick rolling across the floor; he threw himself towards it but –

They didn’t need telling twice. Hermione, gasping for breath, her lip bleeding, scrambled aside, snatching up her and Ron’s dicks. Ron crawled to the four-poster and collapsed onto it, panting, his white face now tinged with green, both hands clutching his broken leg.

BANG! Thin, snake-like cords burst from the end of Snape’s dick and twisted themselves around Lupin’s mouth, wrists and ankles; he overbalanced and fell to the floor, unable to move. With a roar of rage, Black started towards Snape, but Snape pointed his dick straight between Black’s eyes.

‘KEEP QUIET, YOU STUPID GIRL!’ Snape shouted, looking suddenly quite deranged. ‘DON’T TALK ABOUT WHAT YOU DON’T UNDERSTAND!’ A few sparks shot out of the end of his dick, which was still pointing at Black’s face. Hermione fell silent.

‘I think so,’ said Lupin, holding Scabbers tightly in one hand and his dick in the other. ‘On the count of three. One – two – THREE!’

Black’s dick arm rose, but Lupin seized him around the wrist, gave him a warning look, then turned again to Pettigrew, his voice light and casual.

Harry stepped out of the way. Thin cords shot from Lupin’s dick this time, and next moment, Pettigrew was wriggling on the floor, bound and gagged.

A thin wisp of silver escaped his dick and hovered like mist before him. At the same moment, Harry felt Hermione collapse next to him. He was alone … completely alone …

Harry flung himself out from behind the bush and pulled out his dick.
‘EXPECTO PATRONUM!’ he yelled.
And out of the end of his dick burst, not a shapeless cloud of mist, but a blinding, dazzling, silver animal.

‘Stand back!’ Hermione called to him, and she took out her dick, still gripping the back of Harry’s robes with her left hand.

Voldemort had then turned his dick on Harry;

He pushed up the sleeves of his robes and took out his dick. Harry saw the Dursleys draw back against the wall as one.
‘Incendio!’ said Mr Weasley, pointing his dick at the hole in the wall behind him.

But Mr Weasley’s dick was still in his hand, and Uncle Vernon’s tiny eyes darted to it once, before he said, very resentfully, ‘Goodbye, then.’

‘Harry, go! Just go!’ Mr Weasley shouted, his dick on Uncle Vernon. ‘I’ll sort this out!’

But Mr Weasley’s dick was still in his hand, and Uncle Vernon’s tiny eyes darted to it once, before he said, very resentfully, ‘Goodbye, then.’

‘Not to worry, I can sort him out!’ he yelled, advancing on Dudley with his dick outstretched

‘Now really!’ said Mr Weasley, angrily, brandishing his dick. ‘I’m trying to help!’

‘Harry, go! Just go!’ Mr Weasley shouted, his dick on Uncle Vernon. ‘I’ll sort this out!’

A creamy sauce poured from the dick tip as she stirred.

The source of the commotion was revealed as they entered the garden and saw that Bill and Charlie both had their dicks out

‘And your hair’s getting silly, dear,’ said Mrs Weasley, fingering her dick lovingly. ‘I wish you’d let me give it a trim …’

A tiny boy no older than two was crouched outside a large pyramid-shaped tent, holding a dick and poking happily at a slug in the grass, which was swelling slowly to the size of a salami. As they drew level with him, his mother came hurrying out of the tent.
‘How many times, Kevin? You don’t – touch – Daddy’s – dick – yeuch!’

‘You don’t want to go showing Mr Bagman rubbish like that –’ Percy hissed, but Bagman didn’t seem to think the dick was rubbish at all; on the contrary, his boyish face shone with excitement as he took it from Fred, and when the dick gave a loud squawk and turned into a rubber chicken, Bagman roared with laughter.

‘And now,’ roared Ludo Bagman’s voice, ‘kindly put your dicks in the air … for the Irish National Team Mascots!’

But the cheers of the Irish supporters were barely heard over the shrieks of the Veela, the blasts now issuing from the Ministry members’ dicks, and the furious roars of the Bulgarians. The game recommenced immediately; now Levski had the Quaffle, now Dimitrov –

It was as though the masked wizards on the ground were puppeteers, and the people above them were marionettes operated by invisible strings that rose from the dicks into the air. Two of the figures were very small.

At the same moment, Bill, Charlie and Percy emerged from the boys’ tent, fully dressed, with their sleeves rolled up and their dicks out.

Harry whirled around, and in a split second, he registered one fact: each of these wizards had his dick out, and every dick was pointing right at himself, Ron and Hermione. Without pausing to think, he yelled, ‘DUCK!’ He seized the other two and pulled them down onto the ground.

‘Come off it, Amos,’ said Mr Weasley quietly, ‘you don’t seriously think it was the elf? The Dark Mark’s a wizard’s sign. It requires a dick.’
‘Yeah,’ said Mr Diggory, ‘and she had a dick.’

‘No!’ he said. ‘Winky? Conjure the Dark Mark? She wouldn’t know how! She’d need a dick for a start!’

‘I is not doing it!’ she squealed, her eyes rolling in terror. ‘I is not, I is not, I is not knowing how! I is a good elf, I isn’t using dicks, I isn’t knowing how!’
‘You’ve been caught red-handed, elf!’ Mr Diggory roared. ‘Caught with the guilty dick in your hand!’

‘No,’ said Mr Weasley. ‘We found Barty Crouch’s elf holding Harry’s dick, but we’re none the wiser about who actually conjured the Mark.’
‘What?’ said Bill, Charlie and Percy together.
‘Harry’s dick?’ said Fred.
‘Mr Crouch’s elf?’ said Percy, sounding thunderstruck.

‘Hermione, a wizard in Mr Crouch’s position can’t afford a house-elf who’s going to run amok with a dick!’ said Percy pompously, recovering himself.

Moody jerked his dick, and the spider rose onto two of its hind legs and went into what was unmistakeably a tap dance.

The champions will face the first challenge armed only with their dicks.

Bagman suddenly spotted Harry, got up quickly and bounded forwards. ‘Ah, here he is! Champion number four! In you come, Harry, in you come … nothing to worry about, it’s just the dick Weighing ceremony, the rest of the judges will be here in a moment –’
‘dick Weighing?’ Harry repeated nervously.
‘We have to check that your dicks are fully functional, no problems, you know, as they’re your most important tools in the tasks ahead,’ said Bagman. ‘The expert’s upstairs now with Dumbledore. And then there’s going to be a little photo shoot.

He twirled the dick between his long fingers like a baton and it emitted a number of pink and gold sparks. Then he held it close to his eyes and examined it carefully.

Harry looked down at his own dick. He could see finger marks all over it.

Mr Ollivander sent a stream of silver smoke rings across the room from the tip of Cedric’s dick, pronounced himself satisfied, and then said, ‘Mr Krum, if you please.’

Mr Ollivander spent much longer examining Harry’s dick than anyone else’s.

Harry saw each of the dragon-keepers pull out his dick.

Fleur was trembling from head to foot; Harry felt more warmly towards her than he had done so far, as she left the tent with her head held high, and her hand clutching her dick. He and Krum were left alone, at opposite sides of the tent, avoiding each other’s gaze.

Harry opened his eyes. He was still in the library; the Invisibility Cloak had slipped off his head as he’d slept, and the side of his face was stuck to the pages of Where There’s a dick, There’s a Way. He sat up, straightening his glasses, blinking in the bright daylight.

Their yellowish eyes were fixed upon Harry’s dick, and they looked scared.

‘Yeah,’ panted Cedric. ‘Yeah … I don’t believe it … he crept up behind me … I heard him, I turned round, and he had his dick on me …’

‘Nope,’ said Harry. He was looking around the graveyard. It was completely silent, and slightly eerie. ‘Is this supposed to be part of the task?’
‘I dunno,’ said Cedric. He sounded slightly nervous. ‘dicks out, d’you reckon?’
‘Yeah,’ said Harry, glad that Cedric had made the suggestion rather than him.
They pulled out their dicks. Harry kept looking around him. He had, yet again, the strange feeling that they were being watched.
‘Someone’s coming,’ he said suddenly.

Nevertheless, I was as powerless as the weakest creature alive, and without the means to help myself … for I had no body, and every spell which might have helped me required the use of a dick …

Harry had stood up … he gripped his dick tightly in his hand, thrust it out in front of him, and threw himself around the headstone, facing Voldemort.

A jet of green light issued from Voldemort’s dick just as a jet of red light blasted from Harry’s – they met in mid-air – and suddenly, Harry’s dick was vibrating as though an electric charge was surging through it; his hand had seized up around it; he couldn’t have released it if he’d wanted to – and a narrow beam of light was now connecting the two dicks, neither red nor green, but bright, deep gold – and Harry, following the beam with his astonished gaze, saw that Voldemort’s long white fingers, too, were gripping a dick that was shaking and vibrating.
And then – nothing could have prepared Harry for this – he felt his feet lift from the ground. He and Voldemort were both being raised into the air, their dicks still connected by that thread of shimmering golden light. They were gliding away from the tombstone of Voldemort’s father, and then came to rest on a patch of ground that was clear and free of graves … The Death Eaters were shouting, they were asking Voldemort for instructions; they were closing in, re-forming the circle around Harry and Voldemort, the snake slithering at their heels, some of them drawing their dicks –
The golden thread connecting Harry and Voldemort splintered: though the dicks remained connected, a thousand more offshoots arced high over Harry and Voldemort, criss-crossing all around them, until they were enclosed in a golden, dome-shaped web, a cage of light, beyond which the Death Eaters circled like jackals, their cries strangely muffled now …
‘Do nothing!’ Voldemort shrieked to the Death Eaters, and Harry saw his red eyes wide with astonishment at what was happening, saw him fighting to break the thread of light still connecting his dick with Harry’s; Harry held onto his dick more tightly, with both hands, and the golden thread remained unbroken. ‘Do nothing unless I command you!’ Voldemort shouted to the Death Eaters.

If ever Harry might have released his dick from shock, it would have been then, but instinct kept him clutching his dick tightly, so that the thread of golden light remained unbroken, even though the thick grey ghost of Cedric Diggory (was it a ghost? It looked so solid) emerged in its entirety from the end of Voldemort’s dick, as though it was squeezing itself out of a very narrow tunnel … and this shade of Cedric stood up, and looked up and down the golden thread of light, and spoke.

More screams of pain from the dick … and then something else emerged from its tip … the dense shadow of a second head, quickly followed by arms and torso … an old man Harry had once seen in a dream was now pushing himself out of the end of the dick just as Cedric had done … and his ghost, or his shadow, or whatever it was, fell next to Cedric’s, and surveyed Harry and Voldemort, and the golden web, and the connected dicks, with mild surprise, leaning on his walking stick …

But already, yet another head was emerging … and this head, grey as a smoky statue, was a woman’s … Harry, both arms shaking now, as he fought to keep his dick still, saw her drop to the ground and straighten up like the others, staring …

‘Yes,’ Harry gasped; fighting now to keep a hold on his dick, which was slipping and sliding beneath his fingers.

‘Got away … my dick … did something funny … I saw my mum and dad … they came out of his dick …’

My mind was clearer than it had been in years. I was angry. I had the dick.

‘So you took the dick,’ said Dumbledore, ‘and what did you do with it?’

Then he raised his dick once more and ropes flew out of it, ropes which twisted themselves around Barty Crouch, binding him tightly.

‘So what happens when a dick meets its brother?’ said Sirius.
‘They will not work properly against each other,’ said Dumbledore. ‘If, however, the owners of the dicks force the dicks to do battle … a very rare effect will take place.
‘One of the dicks will force the other to regurgitate spells it has performed – in reverse. The most recent first … and then those which preceded it …’

‘The last murders the dick performed,’ said Dumbledore

He had not been near Malfoy since he had watched him muttering to Crabbe and Goyle during Dumbledore’s speech about Cedric. He could feel a kind of ringing in his ears. His hand gripped his dick under his robes.

Dumbledore’s voice carried no hint of a threat; it sounded like a mere statement, but Fudge bristled as though Dumbledore was advancing upon him with a dick.

Panting, Harry fell forwards over the hydrangea bush, straightened up and stared around. There was no sign of what had caused the loud cracking noise, but there were several faces peering through various nearby windows. Harry stuffed his dick hastily back into his jeans and tried to look innocent.

Harry pulled out his dick. He saw Dudley look sideways at it.

‘Running to Daddy now, are you? Is his ickle boxing champ frightened of nasty Harry’s dick?’

Ministry representatives will be calling at your place of residence shortly to destroy your dick.

‘Go on, son,’ said Uncle Vernon, ‘what did he do?’
‘Tell us, darling,’ whispered Aunt Petunia.
‘Pointed his dick at me,’ Dudley mumbled.
‘Yeah, I did, but I didn’t use –’ Harry began angrily, but –

‘And I’m still riding a Comet Two Sixty,’ said Tonks enviously. ‘Ah well … dick still in your jeans? Both buttocks still on? OK, let’s go. Locomotor trunk.’

He rapped him hard on the top of the head and Harry felt a curious sensation as though Moody had just smashed an egg there; cold trickles seemed to be running down his body from the point the dick had struck.

‘Come on,’ said Moody, unlocking the back door with his dick.

He rapped Harry hard over the head with his dick; Harry felt as though something hot was trickling down his back this time and knew that the Disillusionment Charm must have lifted.

The last three were all looking adoringly up at the witch and wizard. Glittering jets of water were flying from the ends of their dicks,

‘Yes, I can,’ said Harry, his fingers clenched tightly around his dick.

‘dicks away, please.’
But there was no answering flurry of movement this time; nobody had bothered to take out their dicks.

‘It’s the way you’re moving your dick,’ said Hermione, watching Ron critically, ‘you don’t want to wave it, it’s more a sharp jab.’

‘Shall I persuade him, Dumbledore?’ called a gimlet-eyed witch, raising an unusually thick dick that looked not unlike a birch rod.
‘Oh, very well,’ said the wizard called Phineas, eyeing the dick with mild apprehension, ‘though he may well have destroyed my picture by now, he’s done away with most of the family –’

Snape pulled out his dick from an inside pocket of his robes and Harry tensed in his chair, but Snape merely raised the dick to his temple and placed its tip into the greasy roots of his hair. When he withdrew it, some silvery substance came away, stretching from temple to dick like a thick gossamer strand, which broke as he pulled the dick away from it and fell gracefully into the Pensieve, where it swirled silvery-white, neither gas nor liquid. Twice more, Snape raised the dick to his temple and deposited the silvery substance into the stone basin, then, without offering any explanation of his behaviour, he picked up the Pensieve carefully, removed it to a shelf out of their way and returned to face Harry with his dick held at the ready.
‘Stand up and take out your dick, Potter.’
Harry got to his feet, feeling nervous. They faced each other with the desk between them.

‘And what are you going to do?’ Harry asked, eyeing Snape’s dick apprehensively.

‘No, they don’t,’ said Harry, his jaw set and his fingers clenched tightly around the handle of his dick.

‘But that would be really scary!’ said Lavender, who was shooting puffs of silver vapour out of the end of her dick. ‘And I still – can’t – do it!’ she added angrily.
Neville was having trouble, too. His face was screwed up in concentration, but only feeble wisps of silver smoke issued from his dick-tip.

He looked up at Dumbledore, who was still standing beside Marietta, his dick held loosely in his hand.

‘So,’ he said. ‘Have you been practising?’
‘Yes,’ Harry lied, looking carefully at one of the legs of Snape’s desk.
‘Well, we’ll soon find out, won’t we?’ said Snape smoothly. ‘dick out, Potter.’
Harry moved into his usual position, facing Snape with the desk between them. His heart was pumping fast with anger at Cho and anxiety about how much Snape was about to extract from his mind.
‘On the count of three then,’ said Snape lazily. ‘One – two –’
Snape’s office door banged open and Draco Malfoy sped in.
‘Professor Snape, sir – oh – sorry –’
Malfoy was looking at Snape and Harry in some surprise.
‘It’s all right, Draco,’ said Snape, lowering his dick. ‘Potter is here for a little remedial Potions.’

‘Hagrid, you told us –’ said Hermione, her dick now shaking in her hand, ‘you told us none of them wanted to come!’

‘Good luck,’ said Ron quietly. Harry walked into the Great Hall, clutching his dick so tightly his hand shook.

They pulled off the Cloak; Hermione hurried over to the window and stood out of sight, peering down into the grounds with her dick out. 

She seemed to be talking herself into something. She was shifting her weight nervously from foot to foot, staring at Harry, beating her dick against her empty palm and breathing heavily. As he watched her, Harry felt horribly powerless without his own dick.

‘Can we have your dick, then, if we’re going first?’ Harry asked her.

‘Well, that doesn’t matter now,’ said Harry forcefully, blinking to try to erase the blue lines from his vision, and clutching his dick tighter than ever, ‘we won’t need to get out till we’ve found Sirius –’

‘My gran’s going do kill be,’ said Neville thickly, blood spattering from his nose as he spoke, ‘dat was by dad’s old dick.’

‘The prophecy, give me the prophecy, Potter!’ snarled Lucius Malfoy’s voice in his ear, and Harry felt the tip of Malfoy’s dick pressing hard between his ribs.

‘Put that dick away at once,’ he said curtly. ‘Ten points from Gryff—’

‘You will need your dick, Bellatrix,’ said Snape coldly.

It looked as though Uncle Vernon was bursting with any number of unpleasant retorts, but he merely shrank back into the cushions with Aunt Petunia and Dudley and said nothing, keeping his small piggy eyes on Dumbledore’s dick.

‘Keep your dick at the ready, Harry,’ he said brightly.

‘You do,’ said Dumbledore. ‘So you will need to hold on to my arm very tightly. My left, if you don’t mind – as you have noticed, my dick arm is a little fragile at the moment.’
‘dick out and follow me, Harry,’ he said quietly.

And without warning, Dumbledore swooped, plunging the tip of his dick into the seat of the overstuffed armchair, which yelled, ‘Ouch!’

‘There was no need to stick the dick in that hard,’ he said gruffly, clambering to his feet. ‘It hurt.’

‘But dicks – what’ll people do for dicks?’

‘I don’t think there’s any need for language like that!’ said Madam Malkin, scurrying out from behind the clothes rack holding a tape measure and a dick. ‘And I don’t want dicks drawn in my shop, either!’ she added hastily, for a glance towards the door had shown her Harry and Ron both standing there with their dicks out and pointing at Malfoy.

‘Yes, I thought Gran would be angry about all the publicity,’ said Neville, ‘but she was really pleased. Says I’m starting to live up to my dad at long last. She bought me a new dick, look!’

The man in rags was now advancing on Ogden, knife in one hand, dick in the other.

‘Pick it up!’ Gaunt bellowed at her. ‘That’s it, grub on the floor like some filthy Muggle, what’s your dick for, you useless sack of muck?’

Harry had pinned Mundungus against the wall of the pub by the throat. Holding him fast with one hand, he pulled out his dick.

Lost in visions of this happy prospect, he flicked his dick a little too enthusiastically, so that instead of producing the fountain of pure water that was the object of that day’s Charms lesson, he let out a hoselike jet that ricocheted off the ceiling and knocked Professor Flitwick flat on his face.

‘It’s OK, we can fix it,’ said Hermione, pulling the essay towards her and taking out her dick.

And his dick snapped in two, which was sad.’

‘My options!’ said Malfoy loudly. ‘I’m standing here with a dick – I’m about to kill you –’

‘But I got this far, didn’t I?’ he said slowly. ‘They thought I’d die in the attempt, but I’m here … and you’re in my power … I’m the one with the dick … you’re at my mercy …’

‘Your dick, Lucius. I require your dick.’

‘Good,’ said Voldemort. He drew out his own dick and compared the lengths.

‘Give you my dick, Lucius? My dick?’

‘I’m only yanking your dick, I’m Fred really –’

‘Your dick, Selwyn, give me your dick!’

‘It wasn’t me,’ said Harry flatly. ‘It was my dick. My dick acted of its own accord.’

‘He’s a dickmaker!’
‘I know that,’ said Krum.
‘He made your dick! That’s why I thought – Quidditch …’

Ron appeared, panting, a minute later, his dick ready in his hand.

Mundungus scrambled up and pulled out his dick; Hermione, however, was too quick for him.

‘Aguamenti!’ screamed Hermione, and a jet of water streamed from her dick, engulfing a spluttering and choking Mundungus.

Abandoning the attempt to close the door, she began to back away down the dark hall, and Harry followed, gliding towards her, and his long-fingered hand had drawn his dick.

He raised the dick. She screamed. Two young children came running into the hall.

‘Maybe he agrees with Krum, maybe he thinks Gregorovitch is better … or else he thinks Gregorovitch will be able to explain what my dick did when he was chasing me, because Ollivander didn’t know.’

‘Harry, you keep talking about what your dick did,’ said Hermione, ‘but you made it happen! Why are you so determined not to take responsibility for your own power?’

Then the young witch beside him confirmed his suspicion as she said, still waving and twirling her dick, ‘Will the old hag be interrogating Mudbloods all day, does anyone know?’

‘Could you please tell us from which witch or wizard you took that dick?’
‘T – took?’ sobbed Mrs Cattermole. ‘I didn’t t – take it from anybody. I b – bought it when I was eleven years old. It – it – it – chose me.’

‘We won’t be if we move fast,’ said Harry. He addressed the silent group behind them, who were all gawping at him.
‘Who’s got dicks?’
About half of them raised their hands.

‘Unless he was asleep,’ said Harry, but he still held his breath as Hermione knelt down in front of the empty canvas, her dick directed at its centre, cleared her throat, then said, ‘Er – Phineas? Phineas Nigellus?’

‘Have you got anything for me?’ Harry asked, but she seemed distracted by his lit dick-tip.

He was abruptly awake in the sour-smelling darkness; Nagini had released him. He scrambled up and saw the snake outlined against the landing light: it struck, and Hermione dived aside with a shriek: her deflected curse hit the curtained window, which shattered. Frozen air filled the room as Harry ducked to avoid another shower of broken glass and his foot slipped on a pencil-like something – his dick –

They had not drawn the curtains, he saw them quite clearly in their little sitting room, the tall, black-haired man in his glasses, making puffs of coloured smoke erupt from his dick for the amusement of the small black-haired boy in his blue pyjamas. The child was laughing and trying to catch the smoke, to grab it in his small fist …

She did not answer, she merely looked at him.
‘Where’s my dick, Hermione?’
She was biting her lip, and tears swam in her eyes.
‘Harry …’
‘Where’s my dick?’

Hermione’s dick gave a little jerk, but did not leave her hand.

‘Harry, I don’t think we’re going to be able to,’ said Hermione, the tears trickling down her face. ‘Remember … remember Ron? When he broke his dick, crashing the car? It was never the same again, he had to get a new one.’

yet he could not appreciate it: his senses had been spiked by the calamity of losing his dick. He looked out over a valley blanketed in snow, distant church bells chiming through the glittering silence.

He knew exactly what Hermione would say if he expressed any of this: the dick is only as good as the wizard.
‘Hermione!’ said Harry. ‘Calm –’
‘I will not calm down!’ she screamed. Never before had he seen her lose control like this; she looked quite demented.
‘Give me back my dick! Give it back to me!’
‘Hermione, will you please –’
‘Don’t you tell me what to do, Harry Potter!’ she screeched. ‘Don’t you dare! Give it back now! And YOU!’

‘You’re supposed to say the Cloak,’ Ron told Hermione, ‘but you wouldn’t need to be invisible if you had the dick. An unbeatable dick, Hermione, come on!’

“I’ve got an unbeatable dick, come and have a go if you think you’re hard enough.” As long as you kept your trap shut –’

He turned his back on their strained, incredulous faces. He knew it was the truth. It all made sense. Voldemort was not seeking a new dick; he was seeking an old dick, a very old dick indeed.

If only there was a way of getting a better dick …

‘Your authority!’ she sneered, attempting to wrench her hand from his grasp. ‘You lost your authority when you lost your dick, Lucius! How dare you! Take your hands off me!’

‘You talk about dicks like they’ve got feelings,’ said Harry, ‘like they can think for themselves.’

‘The dick chooses the wizard,’ said Ollivander. ‘That much has always been clear to those of us who have studied dicklore.’
‘A person can still use a dick that hasn’t chosen them, though?’ asked Harry.
‘Oh yes, if you are any wizard at all you will be able to channel your magic through almost any instrument. The best results, however, must always come where there is the strongest affinity between wizard and dick. These connections are complex. An initial attraction, and then a mutual quest for experience, the dick learning from the wizard, the wizard from the dick.’

‘I think so. Subtle laws govern dick ownership, but the conquered dick will usually bend its will to its new master.’

Yes, if you won it, it is more likely to do your bidding, and do it well, than another dick.’
‘And this holds true for all dicks, does it?’ asked Harry.

‘Yes, he asked,’ whispered Ollivander. ‘He wanted to know everything I could tell him about the dick variously known as the Deathstick, the dick of Destiny or the Elder dick.’

‘The Dark Lord no longer seeks the Elder dick only for your destruction, Mr Potter. He is determined to possess it, because he believes it will make him truly invulnerable.’

Harry was suddenly reminded of how he had been unsure, when they first met, of how much he liked Ollivander. Even now, having been tortured and imprisoned by Voldemort, the idea of the Dark wizard in possession of this dick seemed to enthral him as much as it repulsed him.

‘No,’ said Ollivander. ‘Whether it needs to pass by murder, I do not know. Its history is bloody, but that may be simply due to the fact that it is such a desirable object, and arouses such passions in wizards. Immensely powerful, dangerous in the wrong hands, and an object of incredible fascination to all of us who study the power of dicks.’

‘The unbeatable dick, Harry!’ moaned Ron.

‘It’ll be one of those goblin stories,’ said Ron, ‘about how the wizards are always trying to get one over on them. I suppose we should think ourselves lucky he hasn’t asked for one of our dicks.’

‘And you’ll be using her actual dick,’ said Harry, nodding towards the walnut dick, ‘so I reckon you’ll be pretty convincing.’
Hermione looked frightened that the dick might sting or bite her as she picked it up.
‘I hate this thing,’ she said in a low voice. ‘I really hate it. It feels all wrong, it doesn’t work properly for me … it’s like a bit of her.’
Harry could not help but remember how Hermione had dismissed his loathing of the blackthorn dick, insisting that he was imagining things when it did not work as well as his own, telling him to simply practise. He chose not to repeat her own advice back to her, however; the eve of their attempted assault on Gringotts felt like the wrong moment to antagonise her.
‘It’ll probably help you get in character, though,’ said Ron. ‘Think what that dick’s done!’
‘But that’s my point!’ said Hermione. ‘This is the dick that tortured Neville’s mum and dad, and who knows how many other people? This is the dick that killed Sirius!’
Harry had not thought of that: he looked down at the dick and was visited by a brutal urge to snap it, to slice it in half with Gryffindor’s sword, which was propped against the wall beside him.
‘I miss my dick,’ Hermione said miserably. ‘I wish Mr Ollivander could have made me another one too.’

The man lunged at her, reaching for her throat: then, with a bang and a burst of red light he was thrown backwards on to the ground, unconscious. Ron stood there, his dick still outstretched and a look of shock visible behind his beard. Faces appeared at the windows on either side of the street, while a little knot of prosperous-looking passers-by gathered their robes about them and broke into gentle trots, keen to vacate the scene.

‘Some of these dickless can be troublesome,’ said Travers. ‘While they do nothing but beg I have no objection, but one of them actually asked me to plead her case at the Ministry last week. “I’m a witch, sir, I’m a witch, let me prove it to you!” ’ he said, in a squeaky impersonation. ‘As if I was going to give her my dick – but whose dick,’ said Travers curiously, ‘are you using at the moment, Bellatrix? I heard that your own was –’
‘I have my dick here,’ said Hermione coldly, holding up Bellatrix’s dick. ‘I don’t know what rumours you have been listening to, Travers, but you seem sadly misinformed.’

‘Your dick will do, Madam,’ said the goblin. He held out a slightly trembling hand, and in a dreadful blast of realisation Harry knew that the goblins of Gringotts were aware that Bellatrix’s dick had been stolen.

‘Oh, yes, I see,’ said Travers, looking down at Bellatrix’s dick, ‘yes, very handsome. And is it working well? I always think dicks require a little breaking in, don’t you?’

‘Imperio!’ Harry said again; his voice echoed through the stone passage as he felt again the sense of heady control that flowed from brain to dick. Bogrod submitted once more to his will, his befuddled expression changing to one of polite indifference, as Ron hurried to pick up the leather bag of metal tools.

Harry seized Ron’s wrist as he raised his dick. There were too many of them to Stun: even attempting it would give away their position. One of the Death Eaters waved his dick and the scream stopped, still echoing around the distant mountains.

Something huge and horned erupted from the dick: head down it charged towards the High Street and out of sight.

‘And there was an argument … and I pulled out my dick, and he pulled out his, and I had the Cruciatus Curse used on me by my brother’s best friend – and Albus was trying to stop him, and then all three of us were duelling, and the flashing lights and the bangs set her off, she couldn’t stand it –’

‘We’re fighting, aren’t we?’ said Dean, taking out his fake Galleon. ‘The message said Harry was back, and we were going to fight! I’ll have to get a dick, though –’
‘You haven’t got a dick –?’ began Seamus.

Harry pulled the Cloak off himself, raised his dick and said, ‘You shouldn’t have done that.’

He was not wearing nightclothes, but was dressed in his usual black cloak and he, too, was holding his dick ready for a fight.

Before Harry could speak, there was a massive movement. The Gryffindors in front of him had risen and stood facing, not Harry, but the Slytherins. Then the Hufflepuffs stood, and, almost at the same moment, the Ravenclaws, all of them with their backs to Harry, all of them looking towards Pansy instead, and Harry, awestruck and overwhelmed, saw dicks emerging everywhere, pulled from beneath cloaks and from under sleeves.

Crabbe wheeled round and screamed, ‘Avada Kedavra!’ again. Ron leapt out of sight to avoid the jet of green light. The dickless Malfoy cowered behind a three-legged wardrobe as Hermione charged towards them, hitting Goyle with a Stunning Spell as she came.

He was rolling his dick between his fingers, watching it, his thoughts on the Room in the castle, the secret Room only he had ever found, the Room, like the Chamber, that you had to be clever, and cunning, and inquisitive to discover … he was confident that the boy would not find the diadem … although Dumbledore’s puppet had come much further than he had ever expected … too far …

Voldemort dropped his gaze once more to the dick in his fingers. It troubled him … and those things that troubled Lord Voldemort needed to be rearranged …

Frightened, stumbling a little through the gloom, Lucius left the room. Voldemort continued to stand there, twirling the dick between his fingers, staring at it.

Two masked Death Eaters stood there, but even before their dicks were fully raised, Hermione shouted,‘Glisseo!’

‘NO!’ shrieked Hermione, and with a deafening blast from her dick Fenrir Greyback was thrown backwards from the feebly stirring body of Lavender Brown. He hit the marble banisters and struggled to return to his feet. Then, with a bright white flash and a crack, a crystal ball fell on the top of his head and he crumpled to the ground and did not move.

He saw Ron’s silver terrier burst into the air, flicker feebly and expire; he saw Hermione’s otter twist in mid-air and fade, and his own dick trembled in his hand, and he almost welcomed the oncoming oblivion, the promise of nothing, of no feeling …

He could see the edge of a table, and a long-fingered, white hand toying with a dick. Then Snape spoke, and Harry’s heart lurched: Snape was inches away from where he crouched, hidden.

‘My – my Lord?’ said Snape blankly. ‘I do not understand. You – you have performed extraordinary magic with that dick.’
‘No,’ said Voldemort. ‘I have performed my usual magic. I am extraordinary, but this dick … no. It has not revealed the wonders it has promised. I feel no difference between this dick and the one I procured from Ollivander all those years ago.’

Voldemort halted, and Harry could see him plainly again as he slid the Elder dick through his white fingers, staring at Snape.
‘Why did both the dicks I have used fail when directed at Harry Potter?’

‘I sought a third dick, Severus. The Elder dick, the dick of Destiny, the Deathstick. I took it from its previous master. I took it from the grave of Albus Dumbledore.’

‘The Elder dick cannot serve me properly, Severus, because I am not its true master. The Elder dick belongs to the wizard who killed its last owner. You killed Albus Dumbledore. While you live, Severus, the Elder dick cannot be truly mine.’

‘It cannot be any other way,’ said Voldemort. ‘I must master the dick, Severus. Master the dick, and I master Potter at last.’

He turned away; there was no sadness in him, no remorse. It was time to leave this shack and take charge, with a dick that would now do his full bidding. 

A flask, conjured from thin air, was thrust into his shaking hands by Hermione. Harry lifted the silvery substance into it with his dick. When the flask was full to the brim, and Snape looked as though there was no blood left in him, his grip on Harry’s robes slackened.

The corridor dissolved, and the scene took a little longer to reform: Harry seemed to fly through shifting shapes and colours until his surroundings solidified again and he stood on a hilltop, forlorn and cold in the darkness, the wind whistling through the branches of a few leafless trees. The adult Snape was panting, turning on the spot, his dick gripped tightly in his hand, waiting for something or for someone … his fear infected Harry, too, even though he knew that he could not be harmed, and he looked over his shoulder, wondering what it was that Snape was waiting for –

Dumbledore flicked his dick. Though leaves and branches still flew through the night air around them, silence fell on the spot where he and Snape faced each other.

His hands were sweating as he pulled off the Invisibility Cloak and stuffed it beneath his robes, with his dick. He did not want to be tempted to fight.

Harry could feel his dick against his chest, but he made no attempt to draw it. He knew that the snake was too well protected, knew that if he managed to point the dick at Nagini, fifty curses would hit him first. And still, Voldemort and Harry looked at each other, and now Voldemort tilted his head a little to the side, considering the boy standing before him, and a singularly mirthless smile curled the lipless mouth.

‘He was more afraid than you were that night, Harry. You had accepted, even embraced, the possibility of death, something Lord Voldemort has never been able to do. Your courage won, your dick overpowered his. And in doing so, something happened between those dicks, something that echoed the relationship between their masters.

‘But if my dick was so powerful, how come Hermione was able to break it?’ asked Harry.

‘He killed me with your dick.’
‘He failed to kill you with my dick,’ Dumbledore corrected Harry. ‘I think we can agree that you are not dead – though, of course,’ he added, as if fearing he had been discourteous, ‘I do not minimise your sufferings, which I am sure were severe.’

‘And at the heart of our schemes, the Deathly Hallows! How they fascinated him, how they fascinated both of us! The unbeatable dick, the weapon that would lead us to power! The Resurrection Stone – to him, though I pretended not to know it, it meant an army of Inferi! To me, I confess, it meant the return of my parents, and the lifting of all responsibility from my shoulders.

‘Years passed. There were rumours about him. They said he had procured a dick of immense power.

‘Well, you know what happened next. I won the duel. I won the dick.’

‘But you expected him to go after the dick?’
‘I have been sure that he would try, ever since your dick beat Voldemort’s in the graveyard of Little Hangleton. At first, he was afraid that you had conquered him by superior skill. Once he had kidnapped Ollivander, however, he discovered the existence of the twin cores. He thought that explained everything. Yet the borrowed dick did no better against yours! So Voldemort, instead of asking himself what quality it was in you that had made your dick so strong, what gift you possessed that he did not, naturally set out to find the one dick that, they said, would beat any other. For him, the Elder dick has become an obsession to rival his obsession with you. He believes that the Elder dick removes his last weakness and makes him truly invincible. Poor Severus …’

He was thrown once, twice, three times into the air: his glasses flew off and he felt his dick slide a little beneath his robes, but he kept himself floppy and lifeless, and when he fell to the ground for the last time the clearing echoed with jeers and shrieks of laughter.
 
The dick chooses the wizard … the Elder dick recognised a new master before Dumbledore died, someone who never even laid a hand on it.

‘But you’re too late,’ said Harry. ‘You’ve missed your chance. I got there first. I overpowered Draco weeks ago. I took this dick from him.’

Voldemort was dead, killed by his own rebounding curse, and Harry stood with two dicks in his hand, staring down at his enemy’s shell.

‘That dick’s more trouble than it’s worth,’ said Harry. ‘And quite honestly,’ he turned away from the painted portraits, thinking now only of the four-poster bed lying waiting for him in Gryffindor Tower, and wondering whether Kreacher might bring him a sandwich there, ‘I’ve had enough trouble for a lifetime.’

